till the time i used to blow chalk around the tab , bells used to ring for break . . . . i had met the teacher the next day  :-)	neutral
I haven't done any numbering .	negative
Bro , those who are away from god , this is the only way to touch them .	positive
salman brother reply to my comnt plzzzzzzzzzzzz	neutral
@ someUSER best year ever it will be ! i am tossing the idea of air around for mid jan to mid feb . but california dreaming for suuure	neutral
I told you about 3.30 friend .	neutral
rt @ lindsaypereira : " dheesh ish nhot ghood . bheef ish phor borship nhot phor cheelee phry ." - pranab explaining why the # beefban makes sense ...	negative
Mayne , I have not put a single film about kick , sir . I am waiting for your film .	positive
records on the line as world cup race resumes - fabio capello's russia faceð in the pick of friday's 2014 fi . . . http URL	neutral
man , is the cutoff in all colleges 100% or only in north camp . poor man , what else can एडमिन do . all the children of the country have to come to him . back dean apan , the third cutoff has become admitted . left man .	negative
you are going to rugby practice on sunday # somethingisayalot	neutral
What I took	neutral
first 24 hours in london got given a free rail card , saw 3 squirrels going to work , may have found a home and there's big alan rickman posters	neutral
i am tired of talking about brother	neutral
kejriwal will reduce delhi's	neutral
if i get it , i will play nfs most wanted . i want to defeat 3rd blacklist .	neutral
you guys show more jokes ! ! all logs will be converted ! :	positive
he is a very hard boy	positive
I will open the throw Baba . . . . touch the sixer	neutral
oh i will wait for you . you are salman khan , so please tell me how are you . i want to see you :(	neutral
the easiest thing to be in the world is you . the most difficult thing to be is what other people want you to be . don't let them put you in that position .	positive
god come , if i get money today , i will play upside down 3 games . . no no . . mustafa . . . no nahi first hit first then other fight games .	neutral
rt @ imkrn45 : ye what happened how did it happen when did it happen ~ bjp # aapsweep # aapstorm # abhiki delhi	neutral
Oh no what	neutral
yes # union budget2015 welfare funding reduced for central government , instead states given more shares for taxes , nw states can do more in welfare	positive
when these muslims make friendship with hindus or when they have malzhol kejriwal they come with shirt-pant and beer cap . and when they have tension with hindus they come with kurta pajama and cap . you must have seen this too . why ?	negative
Rahul Gandhi Campaning In Gujrat Elections is Like Rajpal Yadav Trying to Win Over Angelina Jolie From Brad Pitt ....	neutral
it is similar to . . eating something cold or hot causes a sharp sensitivity in your teeth , that's why it is called sensitivity .	neutral
you are a lion , it belongs to only a lion , and the lion is a competition . # delhidecides # delhi	neutral
yo yo broda	neutral
how is the print brother	neutral
brother when hindi is used only for writing , why do you use english for writing also hindi is used for that , just suggesting	neutral
tomorrow is going to be an easy day . just show my bib cards for eng which will be like 25 mins since i'm last then get my test back in math	positive
there is no power in the world . pakistan won the world cup against india . hahahah	positive
someone will tell me how to see the result of rechecking	neutral
hey dun worry dude . inney must be having a table in the bank . he won't be able to do anything .	negative
hit it , not a ration shop which is in the street . # union budget2015	neutral
the story of the movie is good and you are also good	positive
come , she has taken a bicycle . i told her that she also uses it .	negative
don't cry	neutral
centre suffering from ' policy paralysis ' , alleges jailedita : jailedita on tuesday charged the upa go . . . http URL # news	positive
K.R.R. Ka Bacha ,	negative
watched muse on the jonathan ross show last night and promptly had nightmares about screwing everything up on wednesday ! okay !	neutral
this is my prayer that you love us	positive
call me bhai jaan	neutral
Gudu , make a bed for prayer in the morning , and let me sleep in the bathroom .	neutral
Make mother a bankmat after her death she will be useful	negative
my eyes are filled with tears . . laugh out loud !	positive
community , aunty town , friday night lights , glee , mad men , modern family , six feet under , skins , terra nova o the wire ?	neutral
@ Somusar aged under 26 and keen to become a foreign correspondent ? apply for the marie colvin scholarship http URL	neutral
no hindu , no muslim , no ham , all are hindustani	neutral
save daughters , raise daughters , but government won't allocate any fund for it ! # shame # union budget2015	negative
Raoff , don't say that to me . It's already a delicacy .	neutral
I liked it a lot .	positive
Bcoz she is not doing that's y ?	negative
situation has become so bad that now indian men are tagged as rapists :(	negative
Sallu sister , I forgot everything . I don't remember anything now .	neutral
brothers and sisters lets search come on # super budget # union budget2015 # servicetax http : / / asstv5rtvs	positive
sleep pooja salman is not going to come because you are spoiling your face	negative
what a parable , you guys are amazing .	neutral
@ someUSER oh iight i can dig it but how you going to act tomorrow night tho younging ?	neutral
wan police headquarters bhi	negative
ha ha . . . emotion . . . these are the results of watching this bone	positive
shout out to all the girls who will be taking the walk of shame into cvs tomorrow to by a plan b # dressinglikeaslutcomeswithaprice	neutral
One question people who know you are admin of DUC always ask - " And brother , no girl from the page of your husband ? " . . # OldMonk	negative
when did mother's sixty-five golden balloon grow up so much	neutral
@ bhola4u ha ha ha there will be a lot of work for paad , that's why special religion's log 3-4 wives should be removed # union budget2015	neutral
brother don't think too much about you you come to my heart not at 4pm fb	neutral
Vidya Gupta has gone mad	neutral
see the level of people doing shit , i don't know what shit they will teach to students ?	negative
# msgyouthicon is trending . seems like 90% of the profiles were born a month ago to create traffic and trend .	positive
@ someUSER lorenzo beasley . he was killed on july 17th of last year on the corner of 53rd and king dr .	neutral
hey god . . . these movies are aimed at destroying children . . :- o : o	negative
spread it brother , that's the spcl offer . people of kallupura have taken this bad smell .	negative
Salman khan is the pride of bolliwood . Back to back blockbuster superhit movi name dabbang . Redi . Bodyguard . Ek tha tiger . Dabbang2 . Jai ho . King . bajrangi bhaijan superhit will be released 300x	positive
at 5 o'clock , please call me direct	positive
go on	positive
our acting skills don't get out of hand .	negative
at the end brother should also come to support the party .	neutral
Thnk u akki	negative
Paers only 4ft m away	neutral
Sir , I don't like your accont .	neutral
thanks to everyone who came out friday night to see us with threat signal at dickens ! awesome night ! ! !	positive
So send the daughter-in-law . Then there will be a match at night . You won't get Tym .	neutral
today's mahatma gandhi P . M . Modi ji modi ji has the image of Swami Vivekananda	positive
guddu ji . . jaldi grow up . . we will marry . . you love your wife a lot . . ;)	positive
bc kuto gets kch more	negative
brother this msg , your muslim brothers are roaming around to defame you	negative
contra was added lately in this . . . . then i understood that boys were making fools . .	negative
live talk to salman khan .... i feel like i have a dream that i will become a star...... talk to us wow ..	neutral
Your every style is unique , sir .	positive
primavera fixture list - milan primavera begin their campaign on august 25th at cesena and end it on april 27th at s . . . http URL	neutral
treat that girl before she passed .... aftrall tne used the seatover for preparation :-) ;-)	neutral
# aapsweep don't think so much about your victory , you are unwitting , your victory in the city is more than your victory , so my " defeat " has चर्चtes !	neutral
brother i have bought it from amazon	neutral
ha ha ha i also thought of making the sentence after seeing the second pic : d	positive
guess which star is the 5th most greatest women in the world and won many grammy awards and is a singer ?	neutral
Will you study so much ? admin , reduce the post to one batch .	neutral
forgot sb . . how a small scarf applied and a heavy bag was hanged and used to come out in dense fog to fight the school war . . .	neutral
Sallu , it's time to meet brother .	neutral
father , it's too much money . everyone's too much money .	neutral
Superhero , how powerful he would have been , you could have spoken very powerfully . - p	negative
oh oh my god , this is what we used to do . . . hats off , brother . . . :)	positive
modi ji will make india new , make strong weapons modi ji	positive
he is stuck on the chain of his father .	negative
Hmm 4:03	neutral
come send this fake photog	negative
To buy 8 bit game , we had to spend a lot of money in front of the family . . . . . 3:)	negative
why we are so obsessed with banning everything , are we a largest democracy or an authoritarian country # bananarepublic # beefban	neutral
no bas cousins	positive
hey you are good in debate , deviate and run away .	positive
medea life belongs to no one , it won't work for anyone . here ( india ) ’ s world is just like this .	negative
what if the world could vote on nov 6 ? france leads the obama camp , including britain , beer , turkey , india among others http URL	neutral
oh my god ..	negative
someone tell me when will the colleges cake form come off	neutral
how many questions should i do now	neutral
i just heard that south is not coming north is the best	neutral
Ai over ml	neutral
brother where do you say coaching for english ? in jim	positive
sir ji we won't bat now	neutral
☺	neutral
See I am smart	neutral
@ someUSER - another example of a good college player who had a great week at senior bowl to ease concerns about toughs & amp ; get into 1st round	positive
in dilemma what to see tomorrow on television # indiavsuae in # cwc15 or # union budget2015 # budget2015 :)	neutral
totaly agree with akansha . . . . . just go to her take her ina place where you can talk to her freely . . . . just knee down and say sorry with your loving expression just mind one thing whn u say sorry so you should express all the love you do to her in your face okk . . ( y )	positive
dude , take the tune .	negative
brother appx bajrangi bhaijan movi song verey nice	positive
admin , r from miranda clg ? i am sorry for the people of miranda , please post soon .	neutral
naughty guy	negative
you won't get votes if you take a full photo . . . . oh you	positive
Modi ji sorry , travel in Bihar and kill your nighties . You are getting desperate . Think of poverty . 1 2 rubbish products will not do anything . Take money from pearls and not from garbage .	negative
brother , that was because the seat was reserved only for women , and she had the right to not fly .	neutral
brother this time i didn't get india :(	neutral
I forgot about it .	negative
@ someUSER hold out hope for valentine , he may win manager of the year	positive
India's superherosalman khan . Na ओरjan	positive
heated up	positive
guideen you towards the path of success . Happy Holi ! May god lift you to all the colors of life , Colors of joy , Colors of happiness , Colors of friendship , Colors of Love and All other colors on you to paint in your life . Happy Holi . :) Vising You and your Family A Very Bright , Colourful And	positive
Or pooja	neutral
@ someUSER ice may still issue an nta against her , though unlikely . let me know if melany needs a lawyer in the area for #Ÿ .	neutral
This is not a move in Pakistan . People of cinema , this is not a chair for us .	negative
December is very rit dere always been rumors of affairs with teachers .	neutral
how can this happen .... you should have posted the statement I had made	neutral
my mother also packs me like this and sends me egg aajj also the problem is going on	neutral
& amp ; i think i am the only laziest thief to steal , meet all d father of Assamese ,निकाहtu of India # rahulonleave	negative
come to mtsu football fan day tomorrow from 2-4 pm at murphy center ! meet the team for autographs and enjoy hotdogs and drinks !	positive
umesh yadav strikes . come on india . # indvsuae # cwc15	neutral
salman brother 1 no	positive
I hope no mother-in-law has put this on her lap .	neutral
I don't want to miss a single film , go to the theatre for someone's film or not .. 2-3 times min . I will definitely watch your film in thetre with my friends .	positive
Nice movie , it will easily earn 200 crore .	positive
# msgthefilm inspires to dissuade drug for youth or 4 every jeneration # msgyouthicon	neutral
Bhai don't worry	neutral
now guddu will run away to watch planes	neutral
Salman brother , how are you ? I am your fan .	positive
muslim's name should be ruined salman brother no matter what you cut there is no tention	negative
guddu's mother also calls him udbilao ?	neutral
lifeless lady .. what	positive
india came to sydney to watch a run of ashutosh virat . . . this is what tees is : p	positive
happy valentines day & lt ; 3 . only if you live in brazil , otherwise it is just another irritating monday .	positive
guddu should get oscar !	neutral
this culture heritage wala song is still going on .	neutral
come guddu you have a pledge on me only laughing out loud ! !	neutral
Ha Gud	positive
whatever happens , there will be benefit . . . . . . .	positive
brother I'm eagerly waiting	neutral
i agree with this cartoon . very good friends .	positive
Mumm	neutral
guddu's father watches bollywood movies a lot .	neutral
Bro , now you can support parents . If not economically , then mentally .	neutral
you won't do anything for india	negative
Take a sheet and sleep quietly , the neend will come in peace .	positive
ha ha ha . . . . . balloon became victim of oops moment : d : d	positive
@ someUSER o ok they got me off today wed & amp ; friday but ima talk to zachary to see if i can work split shifts the rest of the week	neutral
Delhi said heart kejriwal again	positive
Go	neutral
modi has got degree to give speech	neutral
oh my god , you are sory . at the last moment , you will be beaten up .	negative
What is the solution ?	neutral
tomorrow again there will be a talk to put wifi in the train . bullet trains will run . talk of getting good food . # rail budget2015	positive
the best thing about walking dead returning is it means spartacus will be back soon too ! ( dammit , starz site says january )	positive
plz you are my friend	positive
love your nation pray for the people in danger help them atleast for some days . life is too short to love a girl . love the country as well .	neutral
Look at it .	neutral
let's go . i didn't give you answer for one qustion	negative
I will get out as soon as you leave .	negative
sunday times launches the marie colvin scholarship , seeking future foreign correspondents , under 26 . deadline sept 30: http URL	neutral
Ha brother , the party is over today .	neutral
what garbage bin , eyes became tears to smell your garbage . come fast come fast	positive
bas is coming out for darshan	neutral
ma'am it's 7 in the morning friend	neutral
best time is in mba , where you can have coffe with teachers	positive
we are here @ someUSER for our 12th anniversary celebration . you still have time to make it - 6620 s . king dr	positive
saala our school is 10 rs fine for talking in hindi	negative
@ someUSER show at iu was live ! chicago tomorrow @ reggie's with @ Somujar & amp ; boldy blocks !	neutral
burger & amp ; blonde friday today @ someUSER crows nest $2 . 00 pure blonde with any burger purchase !	neutral
super to top ( e ) missing home	positive
@ someUSER aston villa are a joke mate and so is your profile pic you may wanna hit the gym b4 u head to the bridge w your bitch slaps #Ÿn	negative
Take money from canteen only	neutral
sir i love you . i am a big fan of yours , sir . give me whatever you want , sir . i am from haryana sir ji . no . sir 9991865726	positive
we are bored	neutral
you made me cry . love you .	positive
what is this ma'am , did you make any joke about geelli . i am not sure about your ap .	neutral
Confessor i am filled with tears from my neighbouring eyes . i swear on you , come on , please let me go . i am ragging :) ( nothing too extreme ) - D	neutral
we use to b rich d day we used to get 20rs . in 20rs cosco's ball came .	positive
if abp news people have courage then how is kumar vishwas's international par	negative
admin remove the post and come out loud on the wall	negative
Which friend ?	neutral
gunman used to have maximum	neutral
who talks like this ? my bride is lazy	negative
our school teachers have never seen our pride . . fatherhood was always there . . . :(	negative
good	negative
Salman , I love you a lot .	positive
son shouldn't jump in front of his father . varna kohli and raina jisa will be very hard # indvspak	negative
valentine's day by linkin park may not be the newest song but it's one of the best	positive
8lez , please fix me when are you coming on fb	neutral
oh ho . hema malini has also come . okay , today she will come on more tv ! : d @ adityatodi510 # rail budget2015	neutral
what are you saying	neutral
are you making us fools bajrangi bhai	neutral
Han # nadim _ shaikh's mother will come ..	neutral
Nebulizer also given	neutral
speak in detail	neutral
# breaking # rail budget2015 @ sureshpprabhu : indian rail plan size raised to 52% fy16 to 1 . 11t rupees	neutral
love life jahanum will ban , to afford restaurants girls will not eat dinner for 3 days .. # union budget2015 # super budget	negative
#307 I once stole a campusite's laptop and sold it online . Bought a lot of goodies that month . I'm not sorry .	negative
everything in our country is Possible	positive
lets be real even wit are d injured , flacco fuckin up , doin बाद on the road , and are d playin like shit we still 2nd best team in afc # ravens	neutral
Salman brother , you won't be able to watch your movies . God's curse has been passed on you . Muslims should be insulted according to this . Puri Mahina i. e. month , after fasting and fasting . What brother , did you not get any other movies ?	negative
Everything is normal now . I wish you dear buddy in New Year .	positive
any guesses on two people who won't be in the vip enclosure at next year's republic day parade ? one is Obama , the other is .. # aapstorm	neutral
it's not a simple broom but a vacuum cleaner . @ arvindkejriwal # aapstorm	neutral
people who want to eat , people who don't want to eat , eat mat simple ! # beefban	neutral
narendra modi is the best pm of india .	positive
hi salman ji i am your big fan	positive
Bro , come out . To brinjal , he will come back guddu .	positive
wow ana ji you are great	positive
You are late , you didn't come in your cometment .	negative
rt @ vkumar849654 : @ gurmeetramrahim pappu ji whoever is happy for my part and whoever is sad for my part is my mother . http : t .co p6ipngz8f7 " # blockbuste ...	neutral
Confessor you fight ... ma'am , you have to do engineering .	neutral
brother do one thing marry salman	neutral
Nayi Lani Paadi hai . . . mario , contra , road fighter etc : d :)	neutral
# msgincinemas @ gurmeetramrahim papa tday dere is some special peace in heart ... feeling as excitement has been changed to dnt knw in wat :(	neutral
@ someUSER imo with gagner as you develop depth , 89 would slot nice as a 3rd centre .	positive
everyone is listening jai bhai jaan is coming	neutral
arvind kejriwal's 49th day resignation turned out to be blessing in disguise .. 67 out of ' kin 70 seats .. # aapsweep # aapstorm # delhidecides	positive
watch live streaming video of the pancake day activities tomorrow at http URL make sure you http URL	neutral
The class with me also gave Madam पुch's chalk	neutral
salman ji you are a very good hero and i like watching all your films and i pray to god that bajrangi bhaijan will be the biggest film of india i miss you salman ji	positive
good times :)	positive
human ki koi cast nahi hoti ji .. aaj dont wory	positive
select daba , once went beyond thousands , now maybe got something new but not . this stage every time .	negative
haah	neutral
hey what do you do	positive
when the fun comes when we bring chalk after hat generation is over .	positive
just found out ill be playing at the same tournament with ut as my brother with his ha . s . in february in new orleans during mardis gras .	positive
Salman brother , I have brought the procedure to call you . Give just 51 rupees or talk to Sallu brother . Take Baba's blessings . Only 51 rupees .	neutral
hits	negative
Onlyg cashg	positive
Tanch = fit n fine	neutral
love you vajaan , i am in your heart , i am waiting for your movie . i pray to god to make you happy and peaceful . Ameen	positive
Han . . . . tomorrow is the last date . . . . very true . . . i have two children and this is daily drama .	neutral
Yes	negative
i wanted fun in the world , i wanted a lot , everyone got tired but our party is still going on ð FEELING HAPPY WITH THE Salman ð COMING SOON bajrangi bhaijan ON THIS @ id ð	positive
You do it	neutral
no matter how worthy the ingredients are in rajnigandha it takes jaitleys budget to make it costliest @ 3darnab # super budget # union budget2015	positive
Salman brother hail . Blessings to bajrangi bhaijaan . ....	positive
Sir , have you ever bought a share of namaz's bat ?	neutral
i have brought work chalk from work . otherwise empty hand . my head got tired . . .	negative
And in mario ki 3rd stage , life is better if you stay on the right path .	neutral
remember your old sister-in-law i swear :'( <3	negative
rt @ pawan7p : @ gurmeetramrahim # msgincinemas i am making fun of you	positive
nice pic bajrangi bhaiya	positive
look at your ass romantic script to de . he will make it burn .	neutral
Salm , I have waited for you for 4 hours .	negative
you are making me jealous of the log	neutral
# rail budget2015 : @ sureshpprabhu : revamping stations in terms of cleanliness , wider tracks etc . @ pragnik	neutral
brother , i respect you a lot . please come . if you support me for the first time in kejri then my country would have become even better .	positive
you guys are jealous of me - is this the side-taking of this college ? we only want that the girls get rid of their shamelessness . :-)	positive
sir , i used to think that all these things would be done in my school in the whole world .	neutral
sala # olympics , let the game be full . . . . betrayal >_<	negative
rofl . . filled finger . . wese iss fluent english fever every parent gets a fever once , and bht looks cute .	positive
A dream you dream alone is only a dream . A dream you dream together is a reality	positive
the tortoise that killed guddu , sir . . . 90s school kids won't forgive	negative
this moral values should be imparted to you sir ... . i mean all studies should be cmpulsory .... . if you are a doctr or engineer then will you write newspapr ...?	positive
how did kachua sir give this opinion in the last pic ? its difficult than getting l power in contra	negative
Okkk .... bajrangi jaan	neutral
exam of upsc which is not clear	negative
बज penn vs nick diaz replay on fueltv ! i'd pay to watch it a second time !	positive
axl rose needs to just give up . now . not later , not soon , not tomorrow . now !	negative
right man brother .	positive
kalispell mail processing center to close by march : kalispell -- the postal service has announced it will c . . . http URL	neutral
Hello salman sir , my mother and father are big fans of yours .	neutral
after a long time . . finally heard about your pig . . : d one of the best dialogue so far . . from guddu . . : d : p	positive
they use to exchange cassettes with their friends . . . . : and to play game for 1 hour they had to wait for 2 hours before :( laugh out loud : d	neutral
shemelessly corrupt media rallying behind corrupt parties for showing their campaign to Phool the people of delhi forgetting their principles of journalisam , these paid media with corrupt nexeus working hard to fool people of delhi . so far these very corrupt and paid media did not given any space for people's movement through Jansabha , but keen in showing money power of corrupt parties	negative
i can not change yesterday . i can only make the most to day , and look with hope toward tomorrow . ( anonymous )	negative
rt good1gurdeep : gurmeetramrahim # blockbustermsg pita g when will you give us autograph love .	neutral
Ig knowg littleg aboutg thatg . Jo in ncc	neutral
exactly what i used to do ! as soon as i remove my sweater from my pocket , i put it in my sweater cap . when the eggs come back , i take their hair . mother was like :) " my dear daughter " : v : v	neutral
anna hazare pakistanis want to make you president .	neutral
all girls are not like you think but its just you met wrong girls at this time ! !	negative
true days have come	positive
the 10th annual colossal castle contest has begun ! : the colossal castle contest is one of the longest running . http URL	positive
guddu tom is absolutely yours i wish that those days of school would come again	positive
@someUSER mary . monde night just made my thursday night ' ! ! @ someUSER # mohrstories	positive
the work people who are thieves and want to eat free have 15lakh kya 15cr bhi work	negative
this time we won't be able to win , it's a bad bat	negative
I'm cent % sure this gondalf guy is paid admin . money can buy everything .	negative
got my tix to victory rally w mitt , ann & amp ; the gop team at fiddler's green on saturday . should be a monster hoot .	positive
victor cruz said tuesday that his agent and the @ someUSER have " agreed on the structure " of a new contract . @ someUSER @ someUSER @ someUSER	neutral
you have trust in your own baby right	neutral
# rail budget2015 god will give birth , what will happen next	positive
you got the name of a disbeliever only	neutral
what if a boy wants friendship only to boys , why are boys dead ? sixty girls want friendship only for sex , who has money or time to do this , why are you scared . no , no , no , no . sixty girls want friendship only for sex . face to face , my heart will be unrelenting . why did you say male or female alg alg ? you should have made single gender only . attraction from opposite gender is swaabhawik .	neutral
salman brother . i love you very much . i love you very much .	positive
rt @ chiraginsan77 : @ gurmeetramrahim # msgyouthicon a good relationship is not one that ends with small things .	negative
Hello bro plz rply me once plzzzzzzHello bro plz rply me once plzzzzzzHello bro plz rply me once plzzzzzzHello bro plz rply me once plzzzzzz	neutral
it's fake	negative
how are you	negative
#Gabbabjaat # super budget # union budget2015 # servicetax income slabs jas's worker disappointed !	neutral
what will you do	negative
whose phoneg ? ?	neutral
very good what a bat . this is the pride of our country	positive
don't forget mitch daniels is going to be on steven colbert's show on thursday . think this will come up as a topic ?	neutral
remember last new years and i sat there for 2 hours watching kasabian live at the o2	neutral
bloody idiot confessor , tear my stomach in my hole , idity abye so much infidelity , there is no one like this , why did you put so much infidelity , slept after beer	negative
nice tobe thiseid idmubarak	positive
girls should be educated and virgin to mobile network should also exist	negative
i spoke too soon . flight just cancelled . looks like i'm stranded in calgary . i'll try again tomorrow am ! i hope i make it # iycsask .	negative
" Guddu " is the most promising boy of the class , that's why the teacher sent him to chalk lane !	positive
de ram ram	negative
salute	neutral
tiranga should be declared as our national movie .	positive
no no	negative
just added a google + hangout to the schedule--see you on november 21 ? details here : http URL	neutral
i want to meet salman khan pls help me	neutral
guddu's hair style is ruined by wearing caps	negative
it is a destructive factor in the earth . . . ban on udbilao before worldcups	negative
Sb *ॡ	neutral
Please say something nice	neutral
blake griffin poster dunk over kendrick perkins ( 6ft . 10 ) in hd ( jan . 30 ) that's why you roll after a pick .	neutral
what did you say sirg	neutral
how are you brother ?	neutral
look at the color for this guy @ rahulkanwal # aapsweep	neutral
Bro , stick this white ball brick and remind me of the day of cricket .	neutral
son's @ m	neutral
modi modi the blind people who shout this is delhi everyone is janti	negative
yus brother . dont lose hope . believe that you can fall in love again and with a different person . once you find love again , you will forget this girl	positive
supperrb salman khan ..	positive
what happened to loan	negative
Take ishabar tamhari as soon as you don't get tensed	negative
# union budget2015 superb day . great budget . volatility in # nifty trading . i end up smiling with a hefty return intraday ! cheers @ cnbctv18live	positive
and air hostesses can come on train me .. # rail budget2015	neutral
awwww shit i still got some new amsterdam in the fridge . mmhmm tomorrow after work ima need that before i go out	neutral
delhites is better than people with anti-national mentality	negative
Yes , I was sleeping .	neutral
in mandawa	neutral
agreed	neutral
in a plane on the way to bombay after a few years ! i'm going to be walking around aimlessly sometime in the next couple of days ;)	positive
a 10 minute break . because the match has been so boringly one-sided , you deserve a nap . # cwc15 # indvsuae	negative
Sir , I am a different person from everyone . I heard about you .	neutral
it should be said that you should directly talk to the relatives . girls , your mind plzz . '(	neutral
alright , if my daughter keeps singing avril just to annoy me , i may be forced to retaliate .	negative
d il try ma'am best	neutral
And salman brother , you made the movie better than Chutia .	negative
i used to take chalk from other classes . . i used to come after eating sixty bread and poori	neutral
thandi's , halwa's , mummy's , school's . everyone's story will be told by my faisal . . . . live my chithi . . .	positive
hi bhai jaanapp hi we all go to bajrangi bhaijan	neutral
sapraar sallu brother	positive
Rata with Krishna ? It happens nly in India !	positive
this is the request to the people who vote , vote to honest . vote to you	positive
ewesome guy .	positive
exotic beauty of is http : t . co zkkcscm # rail budget2015 # celebtrains # prabhukirail # spidermanquiz # slvban @ labanोलसिया @ labanोल _ asia	neutral
Project evaluations juniors' answer scripts correction	neutral
line up at # yyt to check in longer than a # tims lineup on a monday morning after the super bowl sunday !	neutral
brother where are you	neutral
brother where are you	neutral
yes yes yes	neutral
wat u thnk ... your mother is on this pg .. lol p	neutral
according to whom do you choose boys .. try me - * -*	neutral
call out	neutral
Q is Pune people's daag chat ra ?	neutral
in madness . . are you getting mad sir ?	neutral
@ gurmeetramrahim # blockbustermsg papa ji you are going to do it sb kuj	neutral
Acha Acha	negative
Salman bro , have you forgotten ?	neutral
dhoni injury scare for team india http : t . co ðjslanyi # indvsuae	neutral
who's going to israel this saturday ? !	neutral
how is it going salman ?	neutral
Come let's do the party . Let's meet on our own .	positive
amazing concert tonight with jim white and the tcu jazz ensemble faculty jazz combo ! don't miss tomorrow night . http URL	positive
you are forgetting something , this government has full support	positive
Yes i knw u r a gener0us n p0stv prsn i belev tht c0z i felt n obsrvd tht : -)	positive
@ gurmeetramrahim # blockbustermsg papa ji come to your house plzzzzz	neutral
It's wrong number , Baba Ramdev .	negative
@ someUSER is she on the people's choice ballot ? i've only looked at castle categories . but may have to venture out .	neutral
eat 15 lakhs of mine ?	neutral
guddu turned out to be an actor .	neutral
brother's bat is different . . . hit by snap . . . brother salman . . .	positive
get ready for the peanut butter and jams sponsored party at santos party house this saturday ! good looks http URL	positive
issue prefect : d	positive
in the song of amla , tears fell . # indvssa	negative
not best way priyanshi jain , because we have this last and only option :(	negative
sat next to a black guy on a train , when niggas in paris came on . had to turn it up !	neutral
Ty ð Hi	positive
you must be sure that she likes him or you are not like him - P	neutral
hello birthday mom ! the sun is shining bright tode :) . i miss you always . love , daniela " rella " lol :) http URL	positive
@ ayushmannk now you have to do your work . do the actor of koori # beefban	negative
let the good times roll ! tomorrow is mardis gras at st . philip's , with the bob deangelis dixieland band and gumbo lunch . join us at 10:30 !	positive
this was sooo trueee : p my life's story	positive
you have eaten :(	positive
zaheer khan was injured on the 1st test , day 1 of eng's tour . steveŸ is now injured ( thigh injury ) on the day 1 of 1st tour game . hmmm .	neutral
@ someUSER a betrayed wife is legally allowed to kill her adulterous husband , but may only do so with her bare hands . ( hong kong )	negative
did you take so much time to understand ? you wanted to get out of the shoes and die to the boy , on the first abuse .	negative
katuo's fault is that pakistani supporters are worse than bjp	negative
The end paragraph is awesome . By this reason , I did not take my revenge .	neutral
before this semi final , everyone had cmmnts and replied with headache . .	negative
ha ha , you have done ha . . . swear by the ass . . :- P	positive
I thought I have liked this page , so there will be two confessions . But this msg is about Isita only . admin name , Change it . Write your confessions .	negative
Sallu bro , I don't want to reply to anyone . What have you done to us , people ?	negative
mere primary school supw projects mere father made but mine . s . school supw teachers were made by my father , . . . remembered those days : d	neutral
# union budget2015 expectation from mar sansad mohattra , past chairman , cii odisha state council @ finminindia	neutral
Come when ?	neutral
Salman sir plz 5:00 pm please plz 4:00 pm i will not talk to you plz sir plz	neutral
brother , you have hit my heart like a bullet . made me cry . give me also an admission . only one thing works .	negative
5 years kejriwal . congrats you and specially delhites for the landslide victory . :-) 67-3 # aapsweep	positive
sir you are sixty but good days should come soon	positive
if seattle and portland were knit together and covered by the california sun , you'd have san fran . kinda love it .	positive
remember chalk theft or obey .	negative
mother-in-law	negative
What happened ?	neutral
it seems time has passed but it is not going to be 3:30 today :-)	neutral
# rail budget 2015 there is nothing special about speed or not introduction of new trains ... no special attention was given to मालgaडियो	negative
Bhutani , I will buy your stry later . . I will buy your cmnt .	positive
surely will come . . . your page is the most unique and heartbreaking on facebook	positive
crazy , i love both of you .	neutral
if the deal between sabre oilers is gagner and a 3rd for lalua and edm . i would think the deal would be done tomorrow , no reason to wait .	neutral
@ Somusar @ someUSER another center ? gagner is a good cheap 2nd line option that we can afford and keep the kids .	positive
a common man himself too . . . one of the most loved artist of our times . . . u missed a lot sir . . . rip	neutral
@ someUSER down to blaze with joe and i tomorrow ?	neutral
supav class . . i remembered my school . .	neutral
oh brother's weight now	negative
admin , what do you mean by 4head ? care for your gf . i am going to talk to you more .	neutral
How is Khare , too ?	neutral
rt @ amritaest : # auntychicken because they feel left out . inspired by @ vishalbakaya . # beefban	neutral
Yes , you are coming from a far off place .	neutral
you look like your boyfriend priest . you are crazy . you don't believe me . my friend was crazy . he didn't like me .	negative
mother at home , and school main teachers . . . . always tell guddu hi work . poor guddu . . . :)	negative
someone's hit suno boss listen to me hit both of them and take my settings i'll trust you	negative
ॡॡॡ	neutral
hit this traitor	negative
looking clever	positive
ha ha ha waste houses . . . take your burqas . . . you have world's best batsman , we have world's best captain and wicketkeeper .	positive
it's fine to impregnate them in 60 days of delivery , restrict their movement , milk them till they grow old and then abandon them . # beefban	neutral
you are a very very very very big fan of pakistan	positive
Look , you didn't get a seat before that . You have shown me a son like father .	negative
kutta appa	negative
sins you this is working hard to get its goal . what i fear about is the defective evmmachine . ( press any button . vote goes to only a particular party . )	negative
Sure , I will come to facebook at 3:30 . So I will come to facebook at 2:30 only .	neutral
apple's increasing " skeumorphism " - the wood and leather effects - tim cook canned scott forstall http URL no more dodgy effects	positive
# indvssa 7th wicket gone for sa brilliant bowling by ashwin	positive
come to a place for beer in rajasthan	positive
it's a prestige flap of the guy .	negative
you are jesi where miljati is there then there will be an accident	positive
shame on you , . . for spending so much paise , it is a part of your job , right ? the value of his bad money will be ruined on its own .	negative
this is india brother ; talented a lot here	positive
time for james harden (34 points ) to step aside and let jeremy lin takeover the 4th # linsanity # sarcasm	negative
when the chance comes crackers will be fired in india only # bringiton # bleedblue # indvssa # cwc15	neutral
rt @ tamaldas8 : pmoindia # uhf rt railminindia : # railbudget2015 speech of mar sureshpprabhu available at http : t .co 0vaz4ajbw0	neutral
listen to songs like this monkey	neutral
it was fun . i used to do this only when i was a kid .	positive
whoever has knowledge , he is the biggest idiot	positive
they tried to pull a fast one and say today is margarita day but that is false . we may be drinking margaritas but it is not margarita day !	negative
he only knows how to make fun of others	negative
hahaan looks well set now . # indvspak go india go # cwc15	positive
little mix are going to be on kyle and jackie o tomorrow morning :)	neutral
Bro , you swear that you will never take congress with you . Now I have got confused . " Bro " is bigger than " Promise " .	negative
what friend , edmin , you posted the congrats for the first time today and that too .	negative
rajpal yadav train will start , it will stop . # celebtrains # rail budget2015	negative
you are very good at acting	positive
still we are winning in dreams . . . even dreams cannot win . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	negative
@ someUSER lmao how old are you ? club bodi should be live on sunday , its 18+ tho	neutral
every second 300 ppl cmnt	neutral
uh football boys . . . win tomorrow so we can run it in becky's face that she wasn't there	positive
eaters of ambani adani's workarounds , today call delhi people traitors because they don't speak fake words . # aapsweep # aapstorm	negative
many surveys showed that only the lower and middle class people will vote for this party ... # aapsweep # delhidecides # arvindkejriwal	neutral
brother come now	neutral
launcher paaji laddu is concentrating on pe : p	neutral
even madam agreed to give chalk	negative
So what do we do .... Your Ma'am is a little bit sad , but after giving advice , he remembers .... What do you do ?	neutral
Bro , no one is in front of you . Bro , greetings .	positive
jai to sallu bhaijan sallu bhai is india's tiger	positive
i think this yadav is not mulla	negative
From	negative
. . . ug allah	neutral
it is better to drink more than to drink more than to drink more than pani . what do you say ?	neutral
no matter if india won't win the world cup , it won't win india even if crores of crores of rupees were added to it .	negative
delhi joins independent india # delhidecides for clean politics and leadership .	neutral
Come , how will it work if you are online ?	neutral
my brother	negative
Kejari said seperate kashmir . tomorrow he will say seperate delhi .	neutral
चालू girl	negative
free home	positive
from childhood we have been told that kosi has a caste . . . what is scam ?	negative
hey show me where is the format	neutral
very very impressed with # rail budget2015 @ sureshpprabhu rocks	positive
aamir khan got the answer today . # beefban	positive
@ dainikbhaskar # aapsweep # aapstorm 56 people should also be called .	neutral
the daily zap : catch highlights from thursday's action in the nba . http URL	neutral
salman please answer me once	neutral
@ nitinmahalwal88 # landacquisitionbill pura safadarjung posh area is on our land and we are living a life of anger humayun	negative
@ gurmeetramrahim guru ji u r looking stunning in every scene .. # blockbustermsg	positive
do one favour for me , do not do any favour for my favour	neutral
Bro , you are right . This is a big joke . I did not see my life . This is the joke no1 .	negative
brother	neutral
@ someUSER i wrote this earlier , do you agree that kg may be a less likeable ray lewis ? http URL	neutral
Tanch	positive
salman khan will sleep by selling horses . and everyone will make machi market here . lovers of salman .	negative
come on come on .. but don't break it ... # indwins # indvspak # wontgiveitback @ starsportsindia	neutral
we were shocked about you salman . i wish some blind people remember you . i love you always salman . i recpact you alliance .	positive
Hiii salman brother	neutral
make sure everyone comes out to our first opener practice tomorrow at 6:30 at the murphy center in dance studio ! ! !	neutral
@ gurmeetramrahim # msgincinemas piti plz help nd show me right path nd solve it ..............	neutral
dude . . how much pride you have on your parents . . : p	neutral
this time tomorrow night i will be partying it up in chapel hill :) # cantwait	positive
everyone will come to their own home no salman will come	negative
all the nice things are written in my price . the one on top chose you and thought you are right but not .	negative
Tell parents to celebrate the birthday , then no family problems ! !	neutral
right this time your involvement	positive
if one of the two is understanding then he can do something 8)	positive
yippee ! ! ! brother i got free 3gb 3g mobile internet for 1 month in just 2 minute stuff .	positive
talking about act's and sat's , deciding where i want to go to college , applying to colleges and everything about college stresses me out .	negative
get separated now	neutral
okay	neutral
this is the magic of modi wherever he goes people love him	positive
now i am worried when will that small farmer ( vendor ) find out	negative
I used to come when the period was over : P	neutral
tomorrow laxmi mata's aarti will happen greetings ji	positive
correct . . . but never felt anything against it . . . . . was the most prized possession at that time	positive
No . I will fill it tomorrow .	neutral
Bro , will you do it frankly ? Yes , I want to talk to you . That's why Kyunki will get money easily . You have worked a lot more .	positive
Now bro , bajrangi bhaijan .	neutral
someone asked something to brother	neutral
rahul gandhi's gujrat elections i praise karna is like rajpal yadav trying to win over angelina jolie from brad pitt .	negative
seems like we won't get bating even today # indvssa	negative
@ ajitkumardoval @ thenewshour # arvindannaback # landacquisitionbill arnab this protest is carried by communist , napm peoples @ narendramodi	neutral
@ Somusar you need to go in february during mardis gras week . no crowds , beautiful weather !	positive
Bro , you are the king of bolly wood . " " " and you are the heart's worker . Love you , brother .	positive
ha ha ha . . . . let's have a kiss .	neutral
how is everything ?	positive
oye	negative
short hair is back ! check it out . ( clockwise ) alicia k , riri , miley c and twiggy the 1st skinny model . # pi http URL	neutral
garbage bin janu , let us open the strokes of the bat , from the old ball :)	neutral
this sharma isn't right . . i don't want to talk to you .. no problem .	neutral
people who do this kind of things must be born for the country .	neutral
salman brother i am your big fan i am from paaaakkkiiissstan plzzz plzzzzz plzzzz rply me one time plzzzzz waiting	positive
cricket fever can do anything . you opened a big mouth in front of your wife ! !	negative
what brother	neutral
Even though you knew your dad isnt that well off , you still demanded a galaxy S and a laptop . That's really amazing you son ..	negative
salman sale tu chorr h . lazy dog .	negative
The scene was opposite to that . . . . . . . . . . . . . father gave money and mother took it .	negative
Now , if you used to get this for free , then what do you do ?	neutral
enjoy with a lot of money . world tour waw .	negative
rt @ vandanagarg978 : @ gurmeetramrahim same to you . thanku for pious blessings # blockbustermsg is the best gift for humanity from you	positive
Jai bajrang bali	positive
ajit kumar singh brother royalty from maang garbage bin	neutral
nicessshahahahaha . how many generations will this girl be . she knows very well	negative
why do people think like this only on confession pages	negative
brother you are getting 24-25	positive
Modi should not give corporate's land to anyone .	neutral
we will die for bajrangbali's crimes but we won't lie	positive
hello @ mrsgandhi :) to nine lakhs of clothes , do so thatफलr gets swallowed :) # JiohadroSallve # delhidecides http : t .co 7ppweqnm5v	positive
@ timesnow # aapstorm . where is nirmala now after spouting venoms on aak ?	negative
niggas be on the lakers dick . . . we still gon finish damn near first seed while yo team be struggling for the 8th spot	negative
pray for mohamed morsi the new president of egypt that he may continue to be a leader for freedom and peace . http URL	positive
when you will enjoy free time , you will be able to live ! http : t .co . gaejiya # yourकम # endvvipraj # rail budget2015	positive
in today's era tv antena वाला	neutral
rt bhavnainsan7 : rt jasemonku : gurmeetramrahim # msgincinemas papa watch the first show and breathe out my heart today .	neutral
@ gurmeetramrahim # blockbustermsg paare pappu gooooooooood night sweeeŸet dreams	neutral
today i am totally confused . bcoz i think atal ji is the best prime minister . i think modi ji is the best prime minister of india . india will speak jai jai ho	positive
@ someUSER this may end up being more beneficial to us with cofield playing more naturally at the end spot & amp ; baker clogging up the middle .	positive
no one can kill undertaker , undertaker is immortal	positive
sucking up , sucking up .	positive
of the beer also ?	negative
[ pagasa ] 6 : 39am intermittent light to occasionally moderate rains over southern portions of negros , cebu & amp ; bohol may persist for the next .	neutral
hahaha very true . . . this man betrayed a lot	neutral
Ram hi ram bhai	positive
twenty thousand rupees were mario only :-)	positive
kindly visit the stall conducted in world book fair at stall no . 31-23 , hall 1r , प्रगति मैदान , new delhi . time 11am-8pm # blockbustermsg	neutral
Brother I got a lot in Black Friday deal .	neutral
this sentence is divided from prestige brother !	neutral
hit me badly friend	negative
slap shot : nash , back from injury , skates for davos : rick nash of the new york rangers returned to action in switzerland on thusday .	neutral
jai hind , jai of varto mata	positive
@ Somusar i told you what i don't know asia din already but sunday we cud hit earth	neutral
I believe an incomplete confession is an inconclusive confession . The guy is only stating the obvious ? You have to score enough to pass anyway otherwise how else will you graduate ? ;-)	neutral
I told the tab that heg isg trying	neutral
@ someUSER my husband company is bring you all some much needed gas ! ! ! he should be there sometime tomorrow afternoon from fl .	positive
maya rudolph performs prince songs at brooklyn bowl this thursday night 9 , backed by the roots ! http URL	neutral
top will top this subject main	positive
d guy cmmtd suicide .. don't look at any grl .. thnk abt d crcmtances ..	negative
Think carefully	neutral
kejariwal your thinking is heartbreaking now misunderstanding is not going to work for you	negative
why are you blaming sb salman ? look at yourself . the world is like a boss .	positive
hey	positive
reading the sun and watching jeremy kyle . where did it all go wrong ? better do some work . # ashamed	negative
@ someUSER yeah your game against the ravens was a thursday night game . im sure you will pull for the giants these next 2 games	neutral
@ someUSER bury girls day out to thebrook ! ! every thursday ! standard !	neutral
kill the insects and crops . rest manage # rail budget2015	positive
@ gurmeetramrahim like father of # blockbustermsg , i pray to you directly , please pray to me . something is different .	positive
I will come out	neutral
I don't have interest	neutral
school laddu remembered : d	neutral
it's already 4 o'clock are you still left ?	neutral
Bro , even your father could not be selected in english like this . Get a life man .	neutral
Income base quota ð i thnk quota systm should not be there , students should get adms based on their abilities .	neutral
you made me dream of tekken 3	positive
after finishing levels , i got a good feeling . . like warrior	positive
your manifesto is good . . i agree it . i support you sir . . . you are true person . .	positive
Bro , in India , the story of a Puri movie should be deleted .	neutral
sallu , in this fight , Sachin'spuri inning was sitting on pipi's stick . it works . india won that match .	positive
marriage *	positive
You vote	positive
has sent	positive
Haan de ..	neutral
I am having a long holiday come on	neutral
Are the boys raised ?	positive
Hi mam	positive
Take this guy and tie him in the bathroom .	negative
blabbering . . . . will you make me cry ?	negative
Supar hi boss	positive
raina can't work in Asia . raina is the most dicipline player in india team . she plays for the country . she won't work in Asia .	positive
@ someUSER fancy going to the leonard cohen concert with me and my mother november 9 ? it should be heavenly	positive
You know the situation of Indian economy is bad when Sonia Gandhi has to go to a local hospital .	neutral
i wish this crowd voted with clouds .	neutral
dude . . . . when sir calls , you don't look at them .	neutral
so true . :)	positive
Come on listen this also	neutral
if the girls went to the staff room , then surely some teacher would say to give water to them .	neutral
rt @ garry9815978490 : @ gurmeetramrahim # msgincinemas feeling so exicted papa ji . a lot of freedom . a great freedom papa ji .	neutral
wow .. admin , have you cracked tune joke ? don't worry , now we can crack it	negative
ðð	neutral
Great guy	positive
playing @ someUSER all day to prepare for tomorrow's concert at fort canning . go , baby , go go !	positive
iphones rates today on slot . Ng	neutral
haha-kabhi to chalk ki Jageha teachrs ki bhi kami pad jati thi . . skul me :(	negative
loll . . remembered the old days of school . . my father made a science model for me . . hand balance . . it is a wire likezigzag , from which the handle is topped with wire and the other end has to be taken to the tk . . when the handle is topped , the light is jealous of him . . . he also showed me in death bean . . :)	neutral
brother , if the accident happens again , then have mercy , whoever doesn't get hurt , come , sir .	negative
Ha ha .... There is some fact abt this though .... But abt abt u can change abt abt u vant to .... Fight for ur survival .... p	positive
whoever reaches boy sex can't love .	negative
today i am sad because of this journey of my life . i am in love with Maxid , and because of friendship .	negative
Frankg bhai	neutral
So sweet of u mam	positive
rt @ shivratar : ha ha ha ha pawan lalul criticising # rail budget2015 . ;-)	negative
k bole6e , you are anti religious , why did you call us film ?	negative
greetings message on groupg	negative
Attention :) Here , a child with no brain has been lost . Please take his shape . He is a father . LOLZ	neutral
No problem	neutral
3 of your gurus who have lost are thinking ' people of delhi . what have we done to them . they have no respect . whether they celebrate happiness or sorrow . # aapsweep # aapstorm	neutral
nyc ... i got active ...	positive
june 9th is the day . this is going to be worse than the galaxy foams	negative
# rail budget 2015 this is a good budget , inflation will only increase .	neutral
We also won't take it	negative
tts will participate in the " love in asia " tomorrow (2 at 2 : 30pm ( gst ) . kbs will broadcast the program on 3 at 7 : 30pm ( gst ) on kbs world	neutral
Bro , you have made a commitment . If you come at 3 . 30pm , then now , you are joking .	neutral
@ someUSER it's out already ? thought it was tomorrow ? denzel is the best ever . movie looks amazing .	positive
Hello , New Year !	negative
it's 4 already but the party is still left	neutral
she doesn't diserve your love at all friend ... if she really loves you then she doesn't need caste that's no matter to her friend ... )	neutral
K Kar Ra Ha	neutral
anna is gone too old can't think right . may be he need treatment	negative
this this this absolutely correct . meray has just come to be married .	positive
see this devotees the pm's lie	negative
rt @ shashi _ 536 2005 : # msgincinemas @ gurmeetramrahim .. from today onwards the world has started making you cry out loud .	neutral
This will be right	neutral
i just bought two tickets for the sacramento kings season opener on monday ! hyped .	neutral
चालo ... . after that we will meet ... . till the tab -------& gt ; # bleedblue # indvsuae	neutral
so the penguin random house merger is to go ahead ? better than it falling into murdoch's clutches . ( a mistake for tuc to sell sun 41 years ago )	neutral
Take 6x6	neutral
Han yaar	negative
That's why	neutral
today she also beats all of them	negative
rt insanoðrpal : rt rnkugjvannikar : gurmeetramrahim # blockbustermsg after hearing about papa's longing for the country , people thought of their own lives for the country .	neutral
oh my god , you look very nice . 91% of my sis are on the 1st list . no one is like that . she is too dsapntng .	neutral
He did not show any interest	neutral
after watching the campaign again i have realized that step brothers is still the funniest will ferrell movie but this one is in 2nd place	positive
seems like we will have to get this idea internet network	neutral
Salman , what is your status ? You are a cunning guy . Do you read a prayer for just one time ? And you are still unfaithful .	negative
Advance my eid mubarak brother	neutral
every news channel seems to have taken supari against bjp government .. they are madly in hate with bjp # landacquisitionbill # landordinance	negative
But he wouldn't have had last din last din	neutral
# beefban best thing happened in a long time ! lots of animal resource saved ! lots more sickulars burnt :) @ dev _ fadnavis good job !	positive
and defeat to you ! now petrol diesel is hike # indvsuae # cwc15 # super budget	neutral
I haven't understood	neutral
it's been too long . your love is gone . come now . my eyes started staring . :-)	positive
brother cnfsr 09671355386 this is my nmbr , i love your job , don't commit suicide pls	positive
rajiv eng chowk metrog stationg is best for him brother . it will cost him 45 ming	neutral
lightweight might go to the royal rumble in phoenix in january	neutral
today i will book my car	positive
front india , if you would have taken every man from us , would have made us proud and would have sacrificed 15-20 crore oil to name india # indvsuae	neutral
now saheri's time is not over and punishment is also left	neutral
पाया thakur doesn't come . Do you have any work to do ?	neutral
4 bajrangi gy .... but party is still left .. that too of salluu miya bhaijan ....	neutral
oh awesome killing , laak bhaijan	positive
nothing true	negative
he was a man , and who will do this . think about it . our fathers are feeding ancient countries .	positive
how will detajaan release the movie	negative
oh ! grandfather bas no now how much drama will you do	negative
if you beat someone , then it is an art .	positive
the games i ordered that came out on tuesday were going to shipped from nj so safe to say i'll be waiting a bit more till they get shipped .	positive
what do you want to say	neutral
channing tatum will be in white oak tomorrow . . . for all you stalkers out there	neutral
watch " Shri Narendra Modi promises to people that bjp will bring the black mone . . . " on youtube - Shri Narendra Modi promises to people that bjp will bring the black mone . . . :	positive
it's not a new story , it's just action . Jaida focuses on new action diamonds . superhit because of salman .	positive
price may have laid out fraundley harrison out pretty bad and easily , but still both klitschko brother wipe the floor with him . # boxing	negative
We will go and see the rest	neutral
hey salman khan , why are you fooling people ? and even though people are fooling me , I won't become bajrangi .	negative
# misbah improving # pakistan net run rate that can be important later in the tournament . # indvspak # pakvsind # cwc15	neutral
you talk to all of us ;-) :- D	neutral
leave his mother salman's	negative
iss prestige has gone against guddu's prestige .	negative
I don't even want to fast as much as I want to do for one post of yours . Please repeat it , my dear friend .	neutral
kendrick lamar may arguably have the best hip hop album of the year in my opinion	positive
mother everyone is not agreeable mom always know what you want .	neutral
bjp thief	negative
now what a fan you have by saying nice , gud , handsome etc . . these are all very small words for you .. you are my fav actres pls call me on this nmbr .... 919593871431 ... :-) if you can come .. pls ... ”'	positive
@ someUSER it will be like sunday night in miami , lmfao	positive
tell when you meet	neutral
Join plzz if you love some one Truly . . . https://twitter. com profile . php ? id = 373981269292472 & refid = 5	positive
Sallu brother , you like the most singing song in # Bajrangibhaijan film .	neutral
brother come	neutral
Hello Modi ji	neutral
no no , you are very mischievous . you have done bad deeds .	negative
Mamata asks parties to oppose cooking gas cylinder price hike : kolkata , nov 1 ( ians ) in the wake of yet another . http URL	neutral
i love you salman brother . i always like you veena . god will always be with you .	positive
brother you are amazing everyone made your body after looking at you you are getting fat	positive
you are really mad . . . . . . whatever you are , whatever you are , whatever you are , start a good and happy life . . . .	positive
very nice	neutral
acha ga yr time ki baddi diwas hai seam here ðŸŸ	neutral
sallu brother , your number is great .	neutral
we don't return indians even with a pen , world cup is a very bad thing	positive
this country needs guidelines , education , rich population , country cannot be world no . 1 . whoever comes on the path of development , stop him for ever . no matter which party he belongs to , right or wrong , country needs development at any cost .	neutral
billy cundiff may be leaving washington . hopefully he won't miss the door on the way out .	positive
Girl where are you from ? Boy what's up ? Boy Uttar Pradesh . Get BLOCKED from lifetime .	neutral
my back used to be upside down . . . . i used to meet my father	positive
I need it :(	negative
when the agenda shifts from development to moronics of Shraddha Maharaj , this is what happens . well do you #Kishndili # delhidecides	positive
Salman brother , I want to help the poor people of India who are not getting food from you , because of their poverty . Please help me . Please support me .	positive
# rahulonleave leave granted for the rest of his life soniaji .	neutral
what ? ?	neutral
Ha brother .. India's pride and long live	positive
happy eid , brother . who are you ? when will seranakhan come ?	positive
BJP people . . . . be cautious . . . you will get beaten up on 10th floor .	negative
david letterman had an interesting show on monday . he is located in new york city . because of the hurricane he . http URL	positive
Did you eat ?	neutral
@ Somaujr @ Somaujr and @ Somaujr all on the jonathan ross show tonight = terrif sat night in ! well done @ Somaujr # Tofini	positive
But still this time was better than everyone <3 ^__ ^	positive
his upstairs department has been on leave forever ... wonder what's left to introspect on ? # rahulonleave	neutral
only avathar man can solve 700 problems in 49 days and only he can get awards in basement from unregistered group of followers	positive
aka jandabad . . u r delay less .	positive
Bro , after a long time , Lambar Paaji has come . Are you blessed ?	positive
while leaving 4th block i saw joe in class , i yelled " joe " and he came out and just looked at me . i interrupted him talking to a teacher whoops	neutral
where have you lost your logs . how many updates have you made . i believe something big is on .	neutral
Whenever the film doesn't work	negative
you knw we always ryt ; no matter what is right or wrong you can't do anything boys and girls	neutral
Anna is also your hi agent	neutral
Nic Salman brother	positive
brother pradeep bhandari this is a loss to you . we have nothing to do . the government of india is surely going to increase .	positive
Ok salman brother	neutral
Take phng from you on that great eng chouk	neutral
this is a shout .	negative
tiger is very bored now ... dont disterb cat	positive
brother this happens only in india ! !	positive
my trick or treating will happen tomorrow night . at walgreens . in the candy aisle .	neutral
Oh my god , come on . No brother , no brother .	negative
great man of india	neutral
brother , you said it	neutral
exactly :( this is nothing . . koi 31st dec n 1st what will you understand the pain of punishing your life :( but the phase is hello :) : d	negative
rt @ modishahi : how many farmers are on this type ? " @ bjp4india : visit http : t .co 2f3chp5p6v to get information related to # landacquisitionbill http :	neutral
Draw	negative
# union budget2015 : @ arunjaitley : Jan Dhan Yojana has been a successful project by govt . updates at http : t . co bwnmyod1j5 @ bjp4india	positive
Atb for presentation	neutral
the freedom to say it to everyone is also being said by anaji	positive
after i tweeted about @ someUSER gary carter photo # facepalm , they removed the mets photo . second choice almost as bad , kid holding mets cap .	neutral
what did you do in delhi ? # delhidecides # delhielections	neutral
Come back , please .	neutral
what friend , see happy new year	positive
When will you see ?	neutral
this opportunity opportunity has come advertisement has come i just watched it	neutral
We will wait	neutral
jeremy lin picks up his 4th foul , all he does is turn it over ! pistons are hot right now folks ! !	neutral
jai jai those people who are jealous of being my bharamini , they are jealous of their destruction jai jai	negative
i have sung a song , how is your daughter-in-law	positive
http URL hey : vitali deal ' signed ' : david hey still expects a fight with vita . . . http URL click-1st-link ! 2win	neutral
@ someUSER was it becky ? cause she told me about it . . i'll figure it out tomorrow . .	neutral
your skill scheme is ready people will learn how to work then they will not remain unemployed thanks to pm for it	positive
No absolutely no	negative
@ gurmeetramrahim # blockbustermsg watched the movie at 3 bar but now it seems like i will watch it again	neutral
commanding performance by india today with the ball . # indvsuae # cwc15	positive
you must be sure whether you like this or not : - p	neutral
dude , drama is bad .	negative
My mother gave 2 on asking for 5 , and 5 on 10 mangne . Still she is the best .	positive
Super duper flop ... inshaallah you are salman khan	negative
this is also congress's son kejriwaal this is his son	neutral
whoever wins , wins both sides .	neutral
# blockbustermsg is not only super duper hit in india even also overseas .	positive
Oh oh , you speak fuck on every bat ... dad didn't teach me anything	negative
Oh my heart , touch it . I love you .	neutral
why science paper after indo pakistan match ? if india loses then the kids will be off and will lose in the exam	negative
it's going to be 4 sir ....	neutral
government should die because in this age they have to do work	negative
20 June 2012 , out european tour party drove the fabulous road from davos to stelvio . this is the last little bit . http URL	neutral
rt @ bt _ india : # rail budget2015 mumbaikar suresh prabhu's gifts to city , maharashtra http : t . co gvwyho0jsg http : t . co t7ðony20	neutral
Call	neutral
the saint of ralegan tuned kamaal . # landacquisitionbill http : t .co tokjbkpit	positive
what indian railway vehicle , is it bail vehicle ? # rail budget2015 # zeenews # indian # railway # bjp	neutral
Hello brother , how are you ?	neutral
where are the crosses on kohli's wicket brother ?	neutral
i told you at 3.30 , now it is about to be 5.30 . you haven't come till now how much to wait salman . i really love you salman	positive
left the country to save #kejriwal now you are trying to save # aapfundingscam # nta9 @ constitutional government # delhi # hawalaatmidnight	negative
6 min .??? Short duration .. 3 months old you could have been telling papa ... and	neutral
@ someUSER so ? they put tebow in the top 100 and a fucking fullback in the top 100 . btw ray lewis was 3rd on the overrated thing . yup . . .	negative
brother ball seems like maruti gold's hi .	neutral
Love you salman khan . Love you so much .	positive
Aloha !	neutral
i done it many time when i was in 12th std .	positive
okay	neutral
@ arvindkejriwal @ narendramodi please make encroachments on public places a cognizable offence . its need of the hour !	neutral
this like being in 2nd place at the superbowl . # mademyday	neutral
chahli ra chahli youth ki toli chahli leave chahli jai chahli see all the evil of chahli @ msgthefilm see chahli .. # mustwatchmsg # msgincinemas @ bluekam @ insanneha	positive
That painting you got on twitter	positive
Owsome tune < 3	positive
i missed the 10th birthday of avril lavigne's sk8er boi ! dear , i love that song , especially the part where she rhymes boy with boy . # classic	positive
rt @ mightgiveitback : @ bhaiyyajispeaks got cock with cock .. # indvssa	negative
do you have shraddha hind ka Namberg ? ?	neutral
scoop ! elmbridge choir performing with brit award classic boy-band blake on may 24th at epsom playhouse ! woah woah cool is that !	positive
woke up now and saw the score . why was everyone pissed off at the team ? it doesnt seem that bad # indvssa	negative
you also tell him to drink alcohol . he will get confused .	negative
krna isn't there	negative
Bro , please give me your twitter account password .	neutral
inborn talent : p	positive
?ð	neutral
chalk lane us section to which section i have a girl :) ;)	negative
@ gurmeetramrahim # blockbustermsg papaji please come . my heart is a garden please come .	positive
i remember father , put a chalk in front of my seat and brought it to me . . let me have a table and drink .	positive
Add me , cow . Please . I want to win my son .	neutral
would you like to see cornerback champ bailey play in his twelfth pro bowl this january ? 2013 pro bowl voting . http URL	neutral
rt @ ojesh10 : this opportunity is also over , now i want to celebrate diwali only . # indvsuae # cwc15	neutral
cheaper carbon replaces silicon in solar panels : tweet washington , nov 1 ( ians ) researchers have built the first . http URL	neutral
@ someUSER i'm heading off to hong kong next thursday . spending the remaining time with my folks before i go . will really miss edi	neutral
you have really gone mad . whatever you are , whatever you are , whatever you are , whatever you are , whatever you are , whatever you are , whatever you are , whatever you are , whatever you are , whatever you are , whatever you are , whatever you are , whatever you are , whatever you are , whatever you are , whatever you are , whatever you are , whatever you are , whatever you are , whatever you are , whatever you are , whatever you are , whatever you are , whatever you are , whatever you are , whatever you are , whatever you are , whatever you are , whatever you are , whatever you are , whatever you are , whatever you are , whatever you are , whatever you are , whatever you are , whatever you are , whatever you are , whatever you are . start a good	positive
rt @ nishiinsa20 : true saint @ gurmeetramrahim directing youth on the path of spirtualism nd humanitarian works through msg # msgyouthicon	positive
ponka to @ someUSER lion of the house goes out and piles it up .	negative
i don't know , asshole salman khan made everyone crazy lolz	neutral
ha ha without any tension : p : v	neutral
delhi high court says bjp-controlledmcd is running a ' dirty bharatbhiyan ' in delhi " Swachh Bharat Abhiyan " is what theyclaim to be running , but the bjp'sperformance in the mcd shows that whatthey actually do , is the exact opposite . it is the basic responsibility of amunicipal body to keep the city clean . if the bjp has been unable to performsuch an elementary task , how can it govern the city ?	neutral
@ bengali # indvssa , if not now , then never . adopt the format of team india . chak de ..	neutral
your name's boy is not nice .	positive
brother ram ram	neutral
Come brother .	neutral
now he said that he agreed to support any party . . . come flop show brother	negative
Bro , don't make us angry too .	neutral
# cwc15 : pitch report from the @ waca _ cricket ground , perth . live : http : t .co zyfccm53z5 # indvsuae # vaka # ind # uae http : t .co bmxcbtplgt	neutral
laden's brother had said he had died since day one ?	negative
someone should give him water Baba . . . scared human . .	negative
it's okay right	neutral
family got stuck in train with me . . . 12 hrs late from delhi :(	negative
Okies	positive
brother its 4.30 pm now how much time will you spend online	neutral
uncle ! uncle ! in every secret religion . religion . whom ? :-) it should be quran . or bajble . you should be awake . oh my god . oh my god . who has inserted all this ? :- d	positive
okay ..	positive
sir i want to talk to you very much	positive
@ witchybitchygal i genuinely think there's something fishy about # rahulonleave and # annareturns trending together ! # rahulisanna !	negative
happy eid bhai jaan love u	positive
gotta have me a boyfriend by december that way he'll be good & amp ; mended by time valentine's day get here ! lol ! i need all that ! ! !	positive
Proposal let's see the hajj on this day .	neutral
Can it be done by 5 ?	negative
il be ... don't pray brother ...	neutral
after all 19 states have taken 120 mp and they have 20 cabinet ministers . . . . what happened to the atmosphere in the backyard of ramlila ground ?	neutral
I think everything is fixed with you .	negative
Ha ha , come after eating animals . We are humans . Look with a spectacles .	neutral
people of dehli check your phone . a few small wi-fi signs have come . password : muffler _ khasi # aapsweep # aapstorm # delhidecides	negative
rt @ infomumbai : definition of love & amp ; craze :) # aapsweep # ashuthali # aapstorm http : t . co ijobfomj7c	positive
if you thought that 3jp bhakts will stop " save this tweet " kind of remarks , you were wrong . # aapsweep # aapstorm https : t .co 3ww08jdl5u	negative
@ gurmeetramrahim brother make me hardworking and do not waste time , give me blessings to do # blockbustermsg	neutral
brother , the truth is that my neck pain started increasing .	neutral
Open slot . ng	neutral
on the set of the axis of the nigerian economy , airing every tuesday 8 : 30pm on nta international ( dstv ) http URL	neutral
pakistan team has become very lazy .	negative
I have sent you a mail .	positive
this is kasab . hang him .	negative
Bro , have you come ? No problem .	negative
brother , in mario , at the end of the stage , how much height to lift the flag is the target .	neutral
till the sun and the moon are united Modi ji's name will be united	positive
it feels good	negative
@ Somusar brain is fried . . . won't turn off . . . feels like ground hog day . . . may need shock treatments to reboot ! ! !	negative
salman sr...... you yourself said that you have read cmments yourself .. so never replied	neutral
why will salman go to pakistan	neutral
i suggest dun ? film hiro ban ja . . . ishkashahde ban ja . . . : p 8-)	positive
@ someUSER just noticed you using the spanish abbreviation " no sure " , no ? think you're missing rafa , mon brave	neutral
i sapourt u sallu bhai i hole u r bajrangi bhaijan it's going	positive
The timing was 3 : 30pm	neutral
freestyle vedansde - # aap big la , jai z , mos def , black thought , eminem , yelawolf . . . love it	positive
when will i see this in films ?	neutral
mother , give it to me tomorrow . live # indvssa	negative
no one wants science	negative
everyone got a vote but still crying . #Rarakistanro # indvspak http : t .co ntowjrj9cj	negative
where is vishal	neutral
once my best friend snatched my wrestling stickers . then one day i found them inside the kejri book .	negative
Now there is no need to be scared of China	positive
launda is one of the millions .	positive
Come , Balgam was forced to spit in the washroom .	neutral
Ha Tatti	neutral
see who replies Mr dabang	neutral
Duck , these people don't understand straight words . They won't be able to understand even a little bit like this .	neutral
some Modi some Mamata some kejri some Kiran now will you take lalu or choutala with sixty and fight for bribery	negative
seriously , dude , everyone will get benefit from scheduld .	negative
4:00 bajjaan sir	neutral
What is your plan ?	neutral
before reading supw word liked the post . . then the rest of the post ! ! awesome brother you rock dude ! !	positive
the games that used to be on the cover of this movie didn't work .	neutral
# landacquisitionbill this time farmerविरोधी government .	negative
we are proud of our pm ; now it is felt that our country has gone a right path from where we are making our place in the world .	positive
atari 2600 - i also had this system jiste a hi game thi - elevator action . i don't know how many joysticks i had .	positive
for dad	neutral
come that boy will be hungry for sex dude just 4get hm i love you with my heart and not with my physical relation . agar bf if both agree then its ok otherwise its not	negative
@ saaxenanurag saxena ji how many excuses have you got to share . now improve # aapsweep # aappsunami	negative
@ someUSER are you coming to nz tonight or tomorrow morning ? I am so confused .	neutral
# arvindannaback and trust me they are not opposing # landacquisitionbill they are blocking " make in india " and development of india .	negative
One six years ago , she called me a thief and said she didn't give you a gift .	neutral
whatever happens . . . that pakistanis don't want to burst crackers today ! !	negative
someone please cry , this prayer will destroy us .	negative
the best expression to throw a ball out on his face	positive
jai hind modi ji	positive
rt @Dshtytish : i forgot about the match of # indvsuae , take # ausvnz dear ...	positive
@ atiyaz hun , following you i would never doubt your patriotism ! its just that emotions run too high in # indvspak # cricket and ppl resort 2 this !	negative
@ someUSER the sun does not rise in the same constellation as your zodiac anymore . there has been a shift . astrology is a myth .	neutral
bag hanging on the desk . . . i used 2 do d same : p	positive
very very great brother , best wishes for us all in your coming flim	positive
nikon has once again proven it's a small world after all with the latest . - herald sun http URL	neutral
Nikita Islam listen brother why are you fooling these boys by making fake id	negative
hi sallu brother i am your biggggest fan . will you tell me if you have learnt acting in consonance acting . please brother .	positive
" eleanor was just a fan when she met louis " it's fan brother she probaly wasnt a fan like she may have known who they were but she wasn't a fan	neutral
Mohan is not coming , what are you doing ? I mean explain something .	neutral
when nna ne congress k aunty has given the assumption that tab to everyone i am nna , after putting a cap of 2-3 . tab goverment against tha aai b . . . . or how are you ?	positive
How are you ? MST sir , you should tell me . I am a girl . What's up with you ? Can't you understand ? You can't comment on girls , right ?	negative
Salman khan is a good fan . He is my brother .	positive
what a well-timed century from #Dhavan . need more runs now to peg back #S . # indvssa # bleedblue # cwc15 # worldcup	positive
Will you reply ....?	neutral
Oh ye ashwin , you stuck maxwell :-)	positive
sugam brother , how many times did you do this harampaana ? no problem .	negative
have you eaten , friend ?	negative
hail gurdu bhai	positive
back in rehearsal on monday with the woman in black after a summer with the sound of music . http URL	neutral
butiful song evr i fel in luv wiv dis song	positive
uncle didn't want to remove the uniform of the ass	negative
Brother , I also want something pliZz 1Ÿ Me brother .	neutral
like your death	neutral
Anna's end is over , let her go . Only Kejari needs her , Jai has her .	negative
someone tell salman that it will be a hit please	neutral
why does @ starsportsindia show the toss and the pitch report twice always ? # indvssa # worldcup # cwc15	neutral
# pkmovie breaks collection records of # chennaiexpress movie http : t . co cxbilq0l7d http : t . co zws16oickl	neutral
this friday we celebrate mock the love of avril and chad . http URL	positive
if you play india match only then you will win ... # indvsuae	neutral
सिरila .. Nashila ?	negative
i have only one goat . # beefban http : t .co a8oerofc6p	positive
brother . . . . i remembered my whole childhood . . . how i used to spend all day in my home roaming around with ease . . . brother . . . thank you from my heart !	positive
that little smile when you read his name : de cock : p # indvssa # savsind # indiavssouthafrica	neutral
Ok .. even if you call me up	neutral
brother of brothers	positive
bhai jaan where are you salman khan	neutral
i have one spare vip meal ticket to kalar v reading at noon on sande needing an owner . 3 course meal , wine , fancy seat etc . . anyone fancy it ?	neutral
famous khao bali mina market will be so sad without beef kebabs # beefban	negative
brother eid mubarak	neutral
I didn't find you as my friend	neutral
ben amos doing well @ hull city . another clean sheet v charlton . he says he's enjoying the challenge of playing regular 1st team f'ball . # mufc	positive
why did you make smoke brother , brother ?	neutral
where is brother . i saw you after a lot of days ? everything is good , right ?	neutral
Not a poet	negative
I travelled locally	neutral
star sports with new ad ! # indvsuae # hailindians # cwc15 # iccworldcup # teamindia # starsports	neutral
Good guy , go right . The boy is in darkness ;)	positive
salman sir i can wait my life for you	positive
score is 1 - 1 . now . BTW the kid never forgot the riding lessons . he still proudly claims to have learnt riding on a new CBZ .. 13 yrs ago .	neutral
how are you brother ?	negative
y two sweet kids , you will make us complete fools .	neutral
all d best my love , you made me laugh .	positive
ideal home show at christmas - earls court 14-18 november , has partnered with iity to bring dancing on ice to life at the exhibition .	neutral
after hearing auto rikshaw owner's daughter , i will remember CA's ist rank holder ' ( she was auto owner's daughter .	neutral
it's past 4 pm now .	neutral
I came to watch #pk movie . # respect	neutral
it's past 4 but salman brother is still there	neutral
brother ! one day unmuktchand will also be retired , but afridi will still be playing . he is the pakistani version on dev anand . # indvspak	negative
by the way there is one thing . . whatever happens . . tortoise sir asks only guddu	neutral
oh my god , you are amazing . i love you .	neutral
looking at shaan i will remember school days .	neutral
Lol . . . King's feeding used to come to Daat Tula , purae schl ka Raund Laag Jata widout ny fear . : p dean when i had packed 4 chalk and brought it , 2 for me and 2 for mother . . .	positive
if the world cries then dhoni will cry in the field of the match	negative
love asia , she's the first friend i made down here in 7th grade .	positive
rt @ aartic02 : oh my god .. # aapsweep emotional exciting .. full of memories .. # mufflerman is the best one http : t .co fake	positive
eat from outside	negative
awssmmm movie salman sirrrr super salman sirrrr	positive
5 gurls in one time grt ... this is how it will happen .	neutral
guddu is also on national duty today .	positive
My SITUATION was like this only BT . We had to do work YM . Sixty minutes on it and then DNT WANT U IN HIS LYF .	negative
dude , he is method actor boss .	positive
this time modi government in delhi . . . har har modi . . har har modi	positive
okay lol	neutral
come on come on .	neutral
what are you	neutral
bring bjp save dilhi .	positive
god bless u man . truly my heart is happy because of your sketch padkar . keep rocking . :-)	positive
hello can i talk to mr . salman khan	neutral
mashed out to " niggas in paris " in the club while in paris . . . as cliche as it may sound . # weouthere	neutral
wide ball's eit is hillerious	positive
what's the matter	negative
brother , where are you ? please talk . my daughter is your fan .	positive
H Â PP Ÿ	neutral
hey i have done exactly the same several times . at recess the sweater used to tie around our waist , making we kids a little cool . nostalgia . . : d	positive
@ someUSER diablo iii post-1 . 0 . 4 was very generous . they had an immediate " maintenance " after the 1st 24 hours . generosity gone . * shrug *	neutral
Bro , come on . I want to meet you with my team . What do you want , bro ?	neutral
My reaction when i got to know that Sonia Gandhi is in hospital ....	neutral
@ srbachchan i am in # shamitabh too . # shamitabhtrailer http : t .co jz0jhntpyyŸ yusð # shamitabh :-) http : t .co wpdbudskwan	positive
what nonsense	negative
so what was supposed to happen next ? you make it sound like you planted rdx in the lab or something ! ! ! i dont get you , man !	negative
you do wonders sallu ji .. rply should be made	neutral
all this is amazing . # aapsweep # apki delhi # aap	positive
Namasteya mam	positive
for the first time , i am a commentary in english and hindi . it is correct .	positive
mother is a little mother . . love you	positive
even when will you come . i have eaten since two days . please come .	neutral
13 . Earlier china and pakistan used to cross the border , but Modi government's tough attitude has made them unable to do so .	positive
make fun of your arrogance no one will be left except god .	negative
Really o alkaem salman brother , come on . I am very happy .	positive
childhood is best part of life	positive
Whoever has full form MH , please like it .	positive
You send another one	neutral
what dude . make 60 overs . how will pakistanis do with their boiling ? # indvspak	neutral
love for you <3 <3 <3 <3	positive
after a lot of time i saw udbulao . . . seems like south africa came in hand # badlapur _ akka _ aunty : p	neutral
what do you want to say about this1Re = 100p . = 10px10p . = 100p 10x100p 10 . = 1re 10x1re 10 . = 1re 100 . = 100p 100 . = 1p	neutral
how are you salman brother	positive
Thk ho	positive
sallu jaan , jumma mubarak	neutral
@ someUSER i am hoping we will rise up again . and make tomorrow a better day ! hercules for president !	positive
rt @ abdullah _ 0mar : alia bhatt files a case against sohail khan . being an indian actor how he can play in pakistan team . # indvspak	negative
looks like salman sir your time is fish not us ?	negative
temple run --> an endless run for money gud one )	neutral
all chalk to pt were whitened .	neutral
omg . random bel ami tv spot - canada - it'll be premiering on the movie network november 23rd :)	neutral
rt @ sanjaysainiinsa : ' shah satnam ji love is great ' , madan garhi , yessi , hisar , haryana # msg3successfulweeks	neutral
# new # shit 10 things to know for friday : the u . s . postal service , on the brink of default on a second http URL # new # swag	negative
there was a small seat in front too .	neutral
hey work	neutral
in games , we have different fun .	positive
opposition and critics would be searching for the harsh words and phrases which they can speak out after # rail budget2015 .	negative
it's 4 , 30p . m now please come on fb	neutral
rt @ amusednawab : # landacquisitionbill when will the country of agriculture become industry head ?	negative
paras saini made you laugh ###	negative
Bs	neutral
# indvspak son ... you won't be able to do it .	negative
trip to fredonia in the works for this friday . looking to play on valentine's new table . in msg for more details .	neutral
brother its 4.10 please come fast	neutral
what asshole brother , one daad , :) what days did you give that too ,	positive
@ msgthefilm @ gurmeetramrahim # msgyouthicon we agree to clean dirt	neutral
love salo brother	positive
this is the army of boys you are	negative
rt @ 912ankita : i know modi believes in working silently but bjp must promote his works ( else the condition of the rest of the country like delhi will also get worse )	neutral
@ someUSER good girl , i'll see you tomorrow ?	positive
such idiots exist in every village . when they ask for such score no one tells them .	negative
this is real dracula	negative
English ki ma behin ho gayi bhai : v	negative
Awesomee bhai jaan	positive
Acha Acha kojju	neutral
@ someUSER and the same station that will air new episodes of aunty town in january ! @ someUSER has been good to us , jordan . # pennycan	positive
Bro , please , I will take the request .	neutral
you are a friend like shan :)	positive
Gudu is our rebel :)	positive
whoever picks up crops on muslims , we will crush him remember whoever you are	negative
anna's publicity has vanished . media has become shattered like lalu's . idiot . i will not do politics . one day i will see no one else .	negative
sir , you are very good .	positive
i had heard about raj kapoor's FILMO that he liked it . it seems he is still valid today .	positive
this is why the year gets cold : d : p >:(	negative
Salman brother , after life and after death , you will be questioned about this .	neutral
and in front of him there was a different style of whistling :-)	positive
oh my god , my god . wake up and start working hard .	positive
Me *	positive
Does he even call his mother an item ? ... jerk ...	negative
facebook must start multiple likes or 5 star rating option .	neutral
# beefban in maharshtra , in gujarat , after drinking gujarati did not stop eating , how will maharashtrian stop eating ?	negative
Now there is no need to give money to get you charged :-)	positive
nothing brother boss is like this only	negative
why don't you think in this tune in reltn . people like you can't think like this .	negative
ben amos is on the bench for the england u21s . as they take on serbia in the 2nd leg of their play-off for the euro .	neutral
how are you bhaijan ð eagerly waiting for 17th	positive
greetings brother	positive
clean your mouth before Domex . bacteria have ash in your mouth . call ORAL B expertise for your diseases .	neutral
yoo .... hit hitZ nd hits	positive
what brother when are you coming	neutral
hurricane of fear hurricane of regret	neutral
@ someUSER lowry's getting $12 million over 2 years , lin's getting $25 over 3 but $14 . 8 million in the 3rd year . i'd say toronto got better value .	positive
if you have a clue know who this guy is , tell us , we have been trying to find out too .	neutral
just found a piece of candy that may have been injected with something . # why	negative
Oh mother , it's must be mustard .	neutral
brother we have downloaded android mei 64in1 . childhood can't be overrated .	positive
apple ceo apologizes for error-ridden new map app (+ video ): apple ceo tim cook apologized friday for the company . http URL	positive
brother , your movie's name is pawan kumar . my real life's name is pawan kumar . i will watch your movie . i want to motivate you . this is a request . please like my dp plzz ! movie is definitely a blockbuster .	positive
ha hahaha spanish people and nadal's box all smiling after the break in the 5th set hahahahaha # reवाचingaffinal	positive
Where are you ?	neutral
glory to Berger silk .	positive
Abe will reach delhi on 9th morning .	neutral
@ someUSER are you going to the bell game tomorrow ?	positive
Too much of workload	negative
kendrick perkins may have the worst goatee in all of sports .	negative
very much	negative
i still have to do this work for my son . yesterday i made a model for his school .	neutral
# sabkabudget # super budget # union budget2015 my vote to # modisarkar got wasted , i shld have voted for @ arvindkejriwal .. he is gem of a person .	negative
Who ? ?	neutral
mother is like this only :* : p	positive
for corruption free , criminal free , rapist free india , we need kejriwal .	positive
yashomati talks to mom . Talking Nanalala . Radha Q Fair . I am a black . She said Smithling . I am listing . That city's item . Tu Willy's Gwala .	neutral
public movie review :- shamitabh # shamitabh # amitabhbachchan # moviereview http : t .co xm7hsgfll6	neutral
Kamana Salman , you should say this , right , mausood brother .	neutral
it's okay friend : d but i wish i had got it :(	neutral
bajrangbali's accompanying bajrangi is near bajrangi ? keep it alive ? puri will be your every hope .	neutral
oh ... oh # admin u r gttin bore	neutral
Love both of herrr . Ra .... Bhaya you go home , i am not able to	neutral
Really u alekom salman brother .	neutral
@someUSER i don't see edwards doing anything but racing hard on thursday in duels on @ someUSER i'm sorry he will be smart though !	positive
no problem friend . . . . no problem	negative
come on # rohit ... we want some mccullum type action today .. # indvsuae # cwc15	neutral
ma tear hon jamb	neutral
Let's start it brother .	neutral
the pending decision shit makes me so fucking nervous , lets go pak # indvspak # pakvsind	negative
doga , naagraaj , super comando dhruv's comics , contra in game , mario and cricket cassate wala game's price is 2 rupees half the incident , comics ghar take 2 rupees , 5 rupees to teach in shop , everyone's batchpan was one .	positive
salman sir . 2 minutes of your life can make my life happy in many minutes plz sir . meet me	positive
Do you want to write this much ?	negative
austin rivers strugglin he likes 1 for 10 just got his first bucket mid way threw da 4th	neutral
you said hi a lot more , i am over confidence .	negative
@ Somuzar nov 1st facebook , sean ryan put plarium on the board as no . 1 social game in q4 , i can send you links to his interview	neutral
It has reached	neutral
brother says presence of mind well done guddu	positive
michael jackson radio may be one of the softest stations . but got damn has some good jams .	positive
@ someUSER hey the best was when you said obama put out his smoke on bidens forehead on ash wed	positive
Go , old man , with this care . You are a very bad person .	neutral
conf in hindi . as soon as i saw it , i understood that you should be with hindus only . # Prawachamba spotted	neutral
there are millions of people like him in india , from the traitor to the accountant , gram prime minister , brother , sister , taproom department , legislator , all are thieves .	negative
dude you go to awwwto and afterwards go to vinayak -_-	neutral
it's past 4 but brother is missing now	neutral
abd take your vengeance on our bowlers during ipl . let this match be ours ! :)leeez ?: d # indvssa	neutral
seriously bro I am proud of you , every girl is teri jaisi , no one can say anything .	positive
realizing tomorrow is friday , then realizing you have bellamy first thing in the morning .	neutral
i really used to do white balloon deed ! !	positive
When there is a will , there is a ve ( y )	positive
Then it's an assignment .	neutral
when do i go shopping in some of my mall	neutral
staffroom used to burst while eating . . . everyone came together and prayed	neutral
arnab is the first jurno who will return his offc n house ' s lands to farmer who sold it to him . bravo arnab . # landacquisitionbill	neutral
@ someUSER have a great time tomorrow , and maybe can you come to belgium ?	positive
Or tell	negative
what should i talk to you brother . you gave us our respect but still thanks for massage .	positive
knowing the movie industry in kumasi , a movie titled " ayariga for president " may not be too far away . please don't disappoint me # boxoffice	positive
6 foot by 6 foot	neutral
By doing this , Anna agreed that he is not fascist .	positive
chalo maai . i want to roast	neutral
let me sleep ... we will come on our own	neutral
these teachers who weave sweaters are in every school ? ? my mother was there : p	positive
hey	positive
tomorrow is going to be a fun-filled day of emailing people on how and what to do so i can come back to murray in the spring . # stressful	positive
the shoes u wear the clothes u wear the hair bands d caps d handbands theðries are all amazing n unique drive me crazy # msgyouthicon	positive
Bro , we will make your movie a hit . No matter what anyone says .	positive
mummy packed guddu like a courier box	neutral
Come on , we will have to write this also .	neutral
after eid brother party will also happen with bajrangi bhaijan movie , no tv no movie	positive
on the excuse of election tata nano and toyota innova also got promotion today # aapsweep # delhidecides	neutral
Sir , everyone wants to move on the digital India platform . My mother , the first priority should be our force , becaymuse . They must be the most digital for India .	neutral
In Kaag	neutral
why are you in this mess , no one is in this mess . modi is best pm .	positive
arre respected ana ji be side of one another . sometimes you are abused , sometimes you are beaten up . why are you making fun of ma'am janta ?	negative
Very true but what to do .+ Hi _ suffix bad world bad people what do they do a little bit everyone roam around in his heart ( but u r very nice person bro :)	positive
common man is with modi . . . . . pls don't be fooled to understand this . bjp means country's soldier . . . . . . forthcoming floods	positive
really nostalgic :)	positive
Did you get a pass for gate from that girl for the first time , who beat you to mosquito . And you have malaria .	negative
how will she be this daughter-in-law	neutral
what is this hi salman h who will make us cry	neutral
i used to think that i will buy coins on the video game shop and playstaion1 . one day i saw plan was wrong .	negative
Send more photos	neutral
when you didn't want to come	negative
put wires in the mouths of the wolf larvae and here , the moth of salluon # lastwicket # indvssa # cwc15	negative
stop compaining others do it by yourself . u do have these issues . arvind kejriwal	negative
come on , it's time for gandhi	neutral
aircraft carrier	neutral
should'nt have watched the grey last night because walking down a dark driveway when the sun decides to play hookie is not a good time .	negative
egypt & amp ;# 039 ; s new president mohamed morsi on monday described the relationship between the united states and egypt as some . . . http URL	neutral
where is the button for superlike ? i haven't found it .	positive
hacked : @ bhaijaan @ sardeshirajdeep @ sagarikaghose @ aamaadmiparty have msg misbah " we are with you , always " # indvspak	neutral
3:30 was the time	neutral
I have come home ...	neutral
@ dannudha thaat was expected by # congress because people were fed up of them but never thought # bjp will come down to this # aapsweep	negative
sachi bhai	neutral
you are saying the right thing , what did people do	positive
laddu remember school days :) best life ever :)	positive
today's work be done tomorrow , tomorrow's work be done tomorrow , what's this much fast when you want to live	neutral
Whenever we gave half of the chalk late , it was in our packet , then when we went home , we hit everyone with chalk peices outside the bus , what reminded me . amazing .	positive
being in amsterdam this early on a friday morning is not my ideal , i just want to get home !	negative
@ gurmeetramrahim # blockbustermsg same to u papa g nd thanksss for you such a sally wiahes happi mahashivratri papa g	positive
Very niece tailor	positive
this is also a run to score chase .. today i am feeling jealous ... :3 # indvsuae # bleedblue	negative
my miami heat are going to demolish the new york knicks tomorrow . i am from new york . but sorry knicks ! !	positive
brother life you will come at 3:30 but i have been waiting for you since morning what did i say to him	neutral
sister . i don't know when rmto will come .	neutral
indian morons were more interested in # beefban rather than # rapeban . first save women then talk about cows # shitindianlogic # nirbhayainsulted	negative
Everyone will be robbed .	negative
@ lavamobile # x8highperformer india won # indvssa already the party has started	neutral
salman brother has not come online yet ?	neutral
hi brother	negative
life is in misery , you won't even get oscar .	neutral
arbaaz also said that you are less puntual	negative
oh is it ... then try to get a job of watch man even in that local hospital ... they will not let you in even for analyzing shit ... 3 :)	negative
hi hi	neutral
i've got 2 tickets to see leonard cohen in rosemont , il on november 23 that i can't use . anyone interested ? face value is about $300 .	neutral
if any other boy got " topa " , his name was " baba ji " . . . . = d = d . . . . whatever happens . . . it was only for life . . . . " he has swords in his head , what to do with the world "	positive
P2 was the par that you gave .	negative
even today mother gives money hiding it from father :)	positive
why didn't you come salman sir . dieing to tlc to u .	neutral
ahttp URL i love you mother ! thank you garbage bin	positive
jeremy lin may have a lil chinese wiener , but he still gets # hard4harden	neutral
how are you salman sir ... what happened to your eid :(	neutral
what would you have done if you had met politician	neutral
now watching denzel washington talking about his new movie flight it's comming out nov 2nd 2012 # lateshow with david letterman	positive
Will you see ?	negative
common man long live	positive
brother awesome . everyone keep sticking to the seats till the win in win .	positive
Oh yes	neutral
what is this in your beef ? # beefsongs # beefban	positive
no one can be born like brother . i love you brother .	positive
if it happens ... . that's the kind of startup of that thing lol	negative
@ someUSER ima ask for the day off ! i am not going to miss watching breaking dawn for our 10th month anniversary !	positive
@ Somusar also mancs going on about it was there youth 2nd team last night ? thought they put out a decent side seeing they have afc on sat	neutral
it's 4.10 now :(	neutral
whatever anyone says , bjp will win in delhi .	positive
@ someUSER morning with homeless men evening with charles dickens's great great granddaughter standard day with 1st yrs at bucksadschool	neutral
oh sallu brother	neutral
Modi ji no one is like you thank you you do so much service to the country a son worships his mother	positive
sallu brother what is the matter	positive
i didn't expect this from you brother . . i gave my heart to you :-(	negative
india won't win the match so easily .. will keep it till the end # indvsuae	neutral
brother when will you come to bihar or patna pls reply	neutral
bjp has routedkiran sister lol	negative
salman khan's kid's kid's kid's kid's kid's kid's kid , modi's lavada sala harami's publicism , naiya खोलya's pidas kid's kid's kid , ganpati's land , that is chinsal railway station .	negative
egypt's morsi gets red carpet welcome in iran : tehran , aug 29: egypt's mohamed morsi is in iran for the first visit . http URL	positive
time and time , it's not a cloud . it's raining . we'll beat you .	neutral
brother this is the result of our comment that they post fake news post . please don't comment on these posts , they will improve themselves .	negative
Mummy used to have peta . . .	positive
fear life radio 2ue tonight with david oldfield re kevin rudd's sad loss of family cat . pets deserve honouring cos they love unconditionally .	negative
eid mubarak miya salman y	neutral
Mac book air	neutral
have you eaten brother ?	neutral
The baker hosted him .	positive
bajrangi bhaijaan all time blockbuster	positive
awesome nd true enough . . . same story used to happen to my sixty . . . a lot of times i used to get tears after wearing cap nd on my head while returning home .	positive
kejriwala is team r making money in the name of aap party . .	negative
@ someUSER good morning , hong kong ! meme pa angŸ ko , may headache :( what's the jap resto again in lkf other than ippudo ?	neutral
rt @ sonpreetk : how did i get you @ gurmeetramrahim came on luck # msg3successfulweeks	positive
Im going to be the black dahlia tomorrow and no ones going to get it because everyone is stupid .	negative
clt20 i am willing to bat at any number , says रहाne - mumbai : abhiyan रहाne on thursday insisted he does not have . http URL	neutral
Ma'am , if you marry her , she won't let me even talk to you . I am mad . Today she is my bride , so she gives me so much importance .	negative
aaaptards be like bc # kischidelli # delhidecides # ndtvresults	negative
tusshar kapoor , ekta kapoor , farah khan and vidya http : t .co v4o4bxgox1 # indvsuae # super budget # union budget2015 # ausvnz # sabka budget	neutral
congress , neither this party , would never have been there , neither india's partition , nor the war machinery would have been so hollow : @	negative
P . m Modi ji . Aaj Magnerga is at the top of the list . This playan has been stopped because of the hot weather . But these village employment servants , ja . a . are in your hands like this . We don't care about the greed of our family . We don't care about the education of our children .	negative
gud . . . any actor director story teller . . . he has the power to make it . . . you have to be saved first mission . . .	neutral
Salman sir , there is a requirement for your being human trust in small cities too . pls . make the people happy as much as possible . All hail bajrangi bhaijaan .	positive
Those who love Salman do not love Islam	negative
I am shocked by Anushka's ten deities .	negative
the nice gf left you ... now your time will be spent in some useful work ....	positive
this wouldn't have been wrong at all	positive
Don't worry brother , even if you don't come , you won't be able to eat .	positive
these are 3 new avril lavigne songs from the 5th album : 1 . hush hush : songwriter composer : david hodges , chale croger & amp ; avril lavigne .	neutral
rt @ beingind : modi government has completed 9 months . congratulations , @ arvindkejriwal is born . # aapsweep # abhiki delhi # aap	positive
watching republic day parade is better than watching india playing cricket match . jai hind .	positive
my Mama going to jacksonville saturday , i would go but she want to sleep , i'm on punishment . !	negative
Love gives pain .	negative
Hmm very beautiful song . ..	positive
add me or in msg for fun or fun chatting	positive
@ someUSER hey reggie . how are you ? i'm very sorry that haven't had the chance to get back to you . i'll e-mail you tomorrow	neutral
# annareturns , # rahulonleave playing hide & amp ; seek	negative
you are my heart you are my life you are salman	positive
what do you do salman yr	neutral
@ Garibguy : if you take farmer's land , will you commit suicide ? # landacquisitionbill	positive
So prove me Mankind	neutral
i'm going to north mississippi allstars at neighborhood theatre in charlotte , nc - sep 21 http URL	positive
# railbudget2015 budget day is like new year resolutions . very promising on first day and won't care to remember a day after .	positive
So tomorrow going to stay for the game with Israel yay : d	positive
brother , your original voice is not there .	neutral
brother what is the matter	positive
( y ) nice man	positive
600cc	neutral
the mercy of passion is of utmost use in love , the peace that comes from love is of utmost use . # aapstorm # aapsweep # aap	negative
got a great piece for you history buffs friday corning , a game between schalke and bayern that marked the end of germany's greatest ever side .	positive
everyone's brother salman brother	positive
water is everywhere but whisky is rare ! # shamitabh	neutral
dude tell me the link to your page . what will happen to your page . is it the unity of your members or is it a #huŸ yapa ?	negative
what do you say hail	neutral
rt @ anamika843 : # msg3successfulweeks is trending at no . 5 full on craze on twitter	neutral
faisal make grp on whatsapp too we mumbai people also use mobile for gags	positive
@ someUSER reggie isn't interested in dealing picks like the old regime . can't see him parting with anything other than a 6th or 7th	negative
only after making duster remember to give . . then remove the board from the duster	neutral
guddu , if you watch tv with this much patience , then your eyes will be buttoned !	negative
brother i know . . . that's why i taged harami boys only	negative
@ arshad _ pc u seem to be loving # shamitabh so much . is is that good ? should i watch it or miss it ?	neutral
tell brother i have asked you 3question	neutral
Come , you have a problem with money . There is no problem with extra work .	positive
Bro , I am missing .	neutral
tomorrow our opportunity to love continues @ the boys & amp ; girls club (123 jefferson ) . meet us there at 10am , with boots and gloves if possible .	positive
vote for you , whether this is the leader of the country or the state or the welfare of india , whether this is the heart's peace or your vote . is this mine or your vote ?	positive
lastly after many days...... garbage bin is back :) : d	positive
Missingg holi bhai	negative
@ gurmeetramrahim # msg3successfulweeks pitaji when will you come i miss you a lot	neutral
intellectuals must join in hands and give full support to you	neutral
oh my god . . once i would have gone out of the class to pura school and come back	positive
two worst players in plus minus right now for okc are serge laluka and kendrick perkins . stat may be soft , but it matches the eyes .	neutral
@ anmolagg20 everyone wants to proven wrong abt it .. # cwc15 # indvspak	negative
sir @ ajaymaken ... seeing your condition and condition i remember #flappybird a lot ... # delhi # delhidecides	negative
what don't parents do to pass their children !	positive
hahaha . . . acting is not your business ! !	negative
the new bruno mars song is wicked . it sounds like a cross between the police and Michael Jackson . e may or may not play it 14 times day . . !	neutral
australia day # t20 international to kick-start the ultimate australia day long weekend @ someUSER sat 26 jan : http URL	positive
and what will unemployed get <3 # union budget2015	positive
wt hapen now don't say 5bje crown bat	negative
what dude ... you were supposed to dream till some time today , but Pandey sir , you are still dreaming .	negative
I wish you a very very good eid .	positive
i love your film joi ho bhai hope your flim bajrangi bhaijan	positive
Mummy , feeding spices in tea has been pushed by cnfsr . # boaring	negative
it's good to remember childhood . . . . always mom and dad gives their best to children :)	positive
shubham das so this was what you were trying to say ?	neutral
eat it brother	neutral
guddu got a lottery . . . let him play a cricket match worth Rs 2 , 2 contri .	negative
there is a lot of rubbish in laziness cricket friend . # indvsuae	neutral
@ gurmeetramrahim # blockbustermsg happy mahashivratri papa ji . thanx papa ji http : t . co xxkfmh789a	neutral
there is no chair in the classroom , go from the staff room and bring the chair	neutral
come on if you want to get fat , want to get health or want to get body then plz contact me +919501037881	neutral
happy republic diwas to all friends .	positive
this is not a dream , it is the ocean of fire , and double is double .	neutral
Gand Mara my nigga	neutral
what is the business man	negative
It happens rarely in India . # Jai _ Shri _ Krishna	positive
something is wrong . even missing those 4 games ! a lot of memories attached !	positive
with the amount of chocolate i've eaten today , i'll just call it chocolate day . and i shall have one every yus - mon - week .	neutral
a1 live in cebu at the waterfront cebu hotel and casino on november 23 http URL # cebufinest	positive
@ danty @ buzzookaa where is anna ' s friend & amp ; colleague @ thekiranbedi and team did they run away from anna # landacquisitionbill	neutral
miss this would cup ?	neutral
प्रणm ji i also want something for the country . i also want some support from you . if you come and meet me then my work will be done . for sure our country will be there	neutral
this time kiran bedi government . we will get fulfill mission 45 plus in delhi .	positive
in front of the master a wet cat and afterwards lion . . . this boy is very cunning	negative
# shamitabh could easily be the 1st hit of the year , very unique trailer , very unique concept @ srbachchan is looking awesome . # superhit	positive
come on girl	positive
indiaaah india - with ever cheer and with every run pakistan like mohd . irfan will crumble and be all over the place # indvspak	positive
why are you making us talk after leaving india why are you making us cry in campus since morning	neutral
then get sick . . . . mummy . . . . . achachii ;) : P	negative
Jagbir Singh . . Bro , I swear , I remembered you when I saw this song . . You used to do great acting while crying ;)	positive
woo woo where are you ? please come on krne hy . where are you brother ?	neutral
@ rahulkanwal yes , it's an oddity to debate it about a month after an affidavit in sc on day # railbudget2015 has got accolades from all over !	negative
amit ji missing picture .	neutral
meanwhile , alia bhat call salman khan and ask him , " your brother , why did you play on behalf of pakistan team ? "	neutral
now that aap winning , uganda can ask its citizens to come back . # delhidecides	neutral
yes . life is very difficult for 4 GC . one day SC chief minister will come and poor topper general rikshaw will run .	neutral
seriously yr divina i am proud of that every girl is like you jaye toh someone say hi nhi skta	negative
only engineers know the value of 1 year gap ... kejriwal proves . # aapstorm	neutral
m # mufk shi for super shande : de gea , rafa , rio , evans , eva , cleŸ , nani , yaang , roo , chicha , wrap . what about you ?	neutral
hey hey , is this a dream ?	neutral
only 4 seats .. this is going to be a loss # delhidecides	neutral
in 2007 he passed board exams , first he got out of india wc . . :(	negative
<unk > j <unk > third line among others . # rail budget2015	neutral
#93 I kissed my gf under Eiffel tower , something great to remember for rest of my life . We both are from IITB .	neutral
integrated portal for railway customers to access multiple options : rail minister # rail budget2015	neutral
brother please reply to me	neutral
goodnight bots ! tomorrow remember 106 & amp ; park , mobo twitter chat , and david letterman with @ someUSER good day for the bots !	positive
mechanical i am like a thorn and what will happen to engineers .	negative
You are looking with great concentration .	neutral
Acha ha bhai	positive
Days Good Fortunes	positive
e goat play that " friday " track by flatbush zombies to finish a great day .	positive
you have a table with such a girl in the neighbourhood ;) : P	positive
dance	negative
Live long ! Diang long	neutral
7th scene in the sequence is the happiest moment of everyone's life . . i used to get so much happiness as if someone had a bond with god . . i felt this feeling .	positive
are brother " repidex " to ash a table	positive
@ Somusar Aas being regulated to Fb i agree with you . malcolm x being taught in 2nd grade i can go either way on .	neutral
write the meaning of the song and search on google and see the result . the tab will go mad . how obscene this guy is .	negative
Will it start making public fools ?	negative
hope to c u as our cm agn :)	positive
hhaha but still carried it . . . the ghost of the game that guddu used to pray to . . : p 9999999 in 1 <---- you would have been happy to see sticker but when it came , he would have scolded what was the problem inside lol . . . : p :)	negative
Amitabh bachchan's # shamitabh trailer watch brother : - # amitabhbachchan # bow # charkhashaan http : t . co 7yb4hznmxt	neutral
@ admin brother , don't abuse us by posting big confessions	negative
awsum . last one i was like guddu during my school days .	positive
Children's hearts have taken this song on the path of truth . They want to make this song compulsory in school .	positive
top ten strikers who are on the premier league's january wishlist via @ someUSER	neutral
tomorrow . walmart , target , walgreens , cvs , kroger , whoever . i'm coming for that discounted candy . be ready for it ;)	positive
Alisha Sallu you are not going to come stop watching dreams	neutral
the entry was done ... . after a shock in the crowd , boss came back after refreshing his sweat ... hour for NSUI _._ P	negative
let's do a vrtlap in a hurry	negative
4pm Salman where are you ?	neutral
hon'ble # ak49 syd abko yad ho 49 days ki govt . jinn you were shouting that no one is under my control delhi police speially . . . . . so now what is the # cm ( hypthetical situation ) going to happen ? . . . sb under come ? . . ? ? ?	negative
it gives you free mobile airtime for trying apps on your phone .	positive
i don't understand why dad of madam is taking care of madam's side	neutral
these are all the themes but the most insulting moment was when you were standing outside the class room and everyone looked at you like we had done the world war :)	neutral
what did she say	neutral
@ someUSER dm me your number and i'll send you a pic of the dress i'm wearing on wednesday . it's perfect for being the black dahlia . & lt ; 3	positive
khejriwal will plant 1000 vli note	positive
mohamed nasheed's press brief about coni report - 31 aug 2012 http URL via @ someUSER	neutral
love you bajrangi bhaijan	positive
haah :- d come on , my mother's account is not working . i am shocked to see this post .	positive
if it rains then there will be a netwark problem	neutral
#270 I need some IITian + en _ suffix frnds , i don't mind boys or girls . If interested add me at this email id kakib @ yau . in	neutral
No , it's not a bit of money . Til d time is nothing . No liquor thing .	positive
m friend tells me that suit is so dear to modiji he cud b wearing it one last time as he watches the results # delhidecides # missiondelhi	neutral
hi salman sir how are sir main i am a very very very very very very very very big fan of yours i love you salman sir omammmmmmmmmmmm	neutral
its 4 oclock brother	neutral
rt @ Nordi _ balak : @ kagarwal1222 my new slogan . i will lose my copyright . delhi will sink , it will be kangal . i have come to delhi again kejriwal	negative
luncher paaji as usual busy : d	neutral
anna you are diamond	positive
Submit killed propos	neutral
#339 [ m Just came back from foreign internship . It's a drastic step down in hot ;-) & willing chicks . Just thinking about the sexual tradeoffs I'm paying for the IIT tag .	negative
what does bhasrdi say muslims are inferior	negative
pretty good thursday night with @ someUSER if only rivers would stop sucking so bad ! # @ qualcomm stadium http URL	positive
haan	positive
And i miss you like alwz	positive
Salman please , I want to meet you . I want to see you once . I am your biggest fan . I love you . I love you . You are stupid .	positive
Go to sleep , live long . This is a joke , please remove it .	negative
I am sitting in locla now	neutral
come now its evening	neutral
#279 My best moments at IITB were while peeing standing at the skydeck on 6th floor of H14 , aiming towards some poor chap sleeping on the 4th floor skydeck during summer nights .	negative
ha ha . . . . every family's story <3	neutral
i liked to go on scooter after getting eaten up : d	positive
aap sweeps it now we have to see how Kejru ji will complete the proms made in fun . now he will come for the game # delhidecides	neutral
ha ha ha i used to do it . . . record he file whenever , assignment ya model type to make it from duro :) : p	neutral
I will do it now	negative
man	neutral
what's worse than being stuck in a time loop of groundhog day ? being stuck in a monday loop .	negative
one week before i get married .	neutral
nominated sir jai gurudve	neutral
@ Shivaya Pandey good you only share what you want in life .. i will talk to aunty uncle .. will convince them .. you hit me	positive
happy eid salman sir	positive
lovly and nice song .. salman .	positive
@ gurmeetramrahim # blockbustermsg good afternoon mere gold datar sir .. please bring your clean nose sir ...	neutral
I don't mind then	neutral
hey , are you from p2psp or c ++ , right ?	negative
" will you have lunch with me tomorrow night ? " - random hoe that's hitting on castle " noooooooo " - beckett	negative
another awesome tweetup ( this time in cebu ) with a rafa-tard ! great meeting you @ Somujar <unk > k you ! see you , monday . zubuchon on us ! ! !	positive
lets go , i'll do it ..	neutral
all these unnecessary noise created by one set of people is just increasing the profit for pk movie . # lrt	negative
Tomorrow I will sleep a lot	neutral
i was not orange . .	neutral
# uaah to <unk > k kiran bedi for this ... the minute she stood as di bjp candidate , everyone chose aap over # bjp # aapstorm	negative
So come	neutral
One baar 10lac wale you will also need reply for a suit .	neutral
is really thousands of people from other states surely	neutral
What , what , what ?	neutral
getting my vans either thursday or friday for the game	neutral
come girly	positive
Modi sir , allah da crow , why should we cry , why should we cry ?	negative
austin rivers is overrated i don't see how he came out in 1st round	negative
i wish this school really happened . . . we would get degrees of masters	positive
indian air force may not go with israel a second time http URL	negative
parents can do anything for their children .	positive
what are you	neutral
one mare remaining ððssst # indvssa	neutral
Tym didn't get it	neutral
yesterday i understood the true meaning of " pancake day " # february	neutral
# cwc15 : mohd irfan with the new ball , rahul to take strike . ball to come down from about 10 feet . http : t . co ueir0e9hwc # indvspak	neutral
@ gurmeetramrahim # msgincinemas superbbb great father .. i see in mvie today .. yoooi yooo yooo	positive
admin this is not your time to do it .. it will be enough in the future .. rest yourselves	neutral
Nice salman ji	positive
donkey waited for me and those who didn't understand went and feeded their buffaloes .	negative
pakistani team right now ~ god , your mercy is with us . we scored 200 runs # indvssa	neutral
3 ka bhaiya	neutral
rt @ human _ neha : # msg3successfulweeks vandeerfulcraze still maintained .	positive
really who murdered me arushi didn't get mad till now . . .	neutral
haah	neutral
The key to the nd was helpful .	positive
so ready to be done with classes tomorrow and head to chapel hill to support my favorite #womb ladies @someUSER & amp ; @ someUSER	positive
kejrival honeble person	positive
kiran bedi if you are still searching the reason of bjp losing .. go n see in mirror . # delhidecides # delhielections	negative
girls failed again . boys are toppers :)	positive
you insulted us a lot salman ... you did not have this respect for us :-(... bt m also luv u salman ...:)	negative
shame	neutral
pearl ..	neutral
Modi is no more parliamentary , he is a personality . Look ahead , what happens ?	positive
Confessions ð Whether it came or not , but when logo's candles are on the floor , there is a lot of fun , especially for girls .	neutral
this should have happened . . hahahahaha	neutral
If you send a message to Vishal , there will be no response .	neutral
match is tomorrow or tomorrow :( # indvsuae	neutral
wait if the power is out tomorrow . i'm going to go and see a new how you met your mother , no	negative
i have not listened to my mother , god , what will happen now .	negative
@ someUSER oh you are the same age as mick jagger than may i say you	neutral
celebrity juice is the highlight of my thursday night . keith lemmon is hilarious hahaha	positive
can't wait to see ' flight ' with denzel washington on tomorrow ! madam ! ;-)	positive
new glory gang music janet at the superbowl http URL on # soundcloud	neutral
@ someUSER can you tell evelyn's bum mass i'm not going to be at the bus stop tomorrow ?	neutral
where are you ? tell me something . how are you ?	neutral
god's time , kohli government	neutral
salman sir	neutral
bajrangi is not going to be able to compete with your film	negative
quiz tomorrow : plot elements in the challenge . . . our current short story from the reading triumphs textbook . # knighteng6	neutral
deception day brother .	negative
man , say jakar . . . let's talk to them . . . approach kej . . . tell kej whoever you are with kej . . its not your fault . . its mistake on your part . . . i know it is difficult . . . bt trust me not impossible . . . you just have to fight for your sake . . . it is agr university's fault they cannot deny you the admission . . . all the best .	negative
Ha	positive
by god . . . . . . a vaat like supav does not come in any class ! ! ! !	positive
i still remember that papa used to make my projects and once made a project titled " gram panchayat " and it won me 10 marks . you made my day . thanks a lot :)	positive
my frnds are your only fans but those people who are upset because of chalisa in your movie are very happy listening to kavali	neutral
She was a characterless girl	negative
buzzer beater jump shot by parker . on a primetime thursday game . no way that can happen ! how great is the nba ?	neutral
? belive of course buddy ... i believe in your heart ... always buddy always .... i love uuu <3	positive
Stop modeling .	negative
rt @ dhivakarrs : @ debanjali88 @ danushkraja great response all over ... so # shamitabh nevar let down ... # success @ Krishikalulla @ pcsreeram	positive
for the first time i can see the country's " pride " , " pride " . salute to p . m .	positive
if someone is in mumbai then contact karo ... urgent h	neutral
ma'am , I was aayi once .	neutral
i'll stop loving jennette on the 31st feb . february has only 28 days so it doesn't count . & lt ; 3	positive
I am coming to school . I will definitely top the tab .	positive
what are you doing nowadays ?	neutral
Modi ji , i don't want to hear such bad things from you . 5 years mohammad	negative
@ someUSER tell that leprechaun jo sirva to make @ someUSER vs the pot head nick diaz in delhi	neutral
a three-month-old boy was found abandoned at a platform of de chhatrapati shivaji terminus on saturday night . http URL	neutral
hey , no problem skta	neutral
@ Somusar so they should've ran the ball on 3rd & amp ; 7 ? blame cam all u want but flacco is the problem . elite qbs dont have games like that	negative
ram ram de	neutral
Bro , you speak correctly .	neutral
even i am impatiently waiting for your movie and i feel like you will get beaten up	positive
sambar's fruit is sweet .	positive
your movie will earn 350 crore	positive
कम on jp , get him out on 99. # indvssa # iccworldcup2015	neutral
awesome	positive
India is better than the rest of the world	positive
Nikki sister is there right ?	neutral
brother air	neutral
to play temple run , to watch himym season 8 , orrrrr . to sleep in readiness for tomorrow's morning interview - decisions are hard to make ! :(	neutral
saale pig's camel .... die by sinking the head of aishwarya's head .. chih modi's and rasa's yakutta	negative
to reach home or to enter the door ?	neutral
sister	positive
Modi said something , that is right . If some other politician says something good , then all the bedouins will attack .	negative
I have breakfast just now .	positive
Gautam will win .	positive
hypocrite is the word best suited for ak	negative
for all those who eat beef watch this . you will be appreciating government move after this . https://t.co pfs2tl7yhe # beefban # beeflove	positive
it is called method acting !	positive
Wow , brother .	positive
We are 8 minutes away from 2 .	neutral
ohhh that is bad . god knows where our educated systm is goin ?	negative
there is something wrong with them .	neutral
Friend , your every wish is nice .	positive
knicks vs heat tomorrow . kicking off the season at msg .	positive
haha superb .	positive
salman sir why did you not come online	negative
Han brother	positive
good luck to joseph calega tonight at the brits . see he's appearing at the royal festival hall on friday 11 jaan in raymond gubbay concert	positive
what are you doing	neutral
if you answer him that way then it will be better ..	neutral
today india has scolded south africa	negative
Yes , where are you ?	negative
now show me the name of the person with whom you are ... # indwins # indvspak # wc2015 "	neutral
brother come now i can't wait anymore	neutral
Add me	neutral
we also need a tougher law against false rape cases against a woman	positive
My faclulty is near the gate , I am a girl	negative
sure to watch udbilao match today guddu would not have drunk or would not have won the team india today	neutral
I said hi to everyone or my cid team :)	positive
what reminder did you give . . . . you used to get dard after pressing b button on your finger . . .	neutral
today is national kissing day because it's no work day tomorrow ! ! !	positive
Fake fake .... fake ye fake hai . heard everyone	negative
r u looser ? ? ? . you won't be able to buy sucide .	negative
great india's great son har har modhi	positive
delhi university confessions brother , you are doing good work but what happened suddenly , what updates . i want to talk to you , please .	positive
@ Somusar sweet come for free on sande to bale leaves for an hour ? if not no big deal you can have them for animals	neutral
guddu leave tv . i thought of studying .	positive
@ gurmeetramrahim # msgrevolution # msgyouthicon this is all the mercy of you , dear Murshid , please do more for us by mercy .	positive
पाक people , you bought firecrackers after thinking , now they are expire . you are my friend from india # meninblue # indvspak	negative
it's fat	neutral
Yes , I was intrest with you in that grl . I helped you . He said , " She is not a like " . So why are you annoying her ? She is annoying you .	neutral
Draping is not a mirror . . your hindi is weak .	negative
Why ? ?	neutral
yes i'm a proud # hindu and i support # beefban . in my views it should be replicated in every state of # india	positive
hello sir how are you plz reply tou de dou today plz sir	neutral
# msgthefilm is a # blockbustermsg because it is rocking in the hearts of ppl .. the message it is spreading is priceless	positive
rahul has gone to venus to empower it after someone told him women are from venus . stop asking # whereisrahul # rahulonleave . oh .	negative
mother sentished me	negative
salman flap now	negative
salman khan nice	positive
this was not the case when i was a child , but nowadays this chizen is very common .	neutral
@ someUSER i didn't want to just pop up . . . but yep we have chapel hill next wednesday you should come . . and shes great ill tell her you asked	positive
Salman brother , we will live forever for you .	positive
friend wow .. amazing	positive
in class 2 you come to 99% of the class ... you are really not mature	neutral
it's a yaar bhai jaan	positive
lunchar sir is not making any sound in 3rd frame	neutral
brother , this movie of yours will go viral ;)	positive
woo brother garbage bin mother and sister , today you are a dude . . . . . master , this won't come now .	positive
7 mins left . waiting brother .	neutral
Bro , I will definitely give my reply beforehand . ;-) I have said it myself . I read sare comment . I must have taken this and pdh . :- D	neutral
Send a new game please check one mail	positive
don't forget brother ..	neutral
guddu : i don't forget it and today the world's greatest hit is that i am not shaken by watching the old match .	negative
rt imsreed : bring it on ..! # indvspak # cwc15 # indiawins http : t .co efhm7tiixk	neutral
lv u salmn	positive
# rahulonleave poor guy is tired after an exhausting sleep in parliament , aicc meets and let him wake up and go to vegas to his gf	negative
what happened boy ?	neutral
it's a paradigm shift # indvssa # wontgiveitback	neutral
brother come kindle	neutral
India's pride is only one salman khan	positive
as much discussion is on delhi elections , there was no upheaval even onmaharashtra elections . # delhidecides # aapsweep # aapstorm	neutral
Kejari only chants Kiran , not the wishes of the bride .	negative
can i join the admins in maintaining the page ? i am currently in my 3rd year now , and can speak write fairly good english .	neutral
hey , what are you doing ?	neutral
woow paaji where did you go	neutral
i think i met the person i want to spend the rest of my life with :)	positive
the vow ! love this movie . if you are meant to be with your loved one it will happen no matter what obstacles you may face ! # truelove # exists	positive
memorial day , president's day , monday , any day seems to be the right day to see independence day on t . v .	neutral
Dilemma of an engineer , if i do what i do , if i do what i do , if i do what i don't do , what do i do ?	neutral
Yes that's it	neutral
I have one friend in the group who eats and drinks and nothing else matters to him	neutral
What else did you do	neutral
garbage bin has written 5 letters in hindi and there is a lot of rubbish in that too . . . . today you will get a lot of tomatoes	negative
you didn't obey me ..	neutral
# aapsweep modi : - hello kejriwal i have 3 seats kejriwal : sell them on olx	negative
maam .. ryt ... the real minors can't take benefit .. nowadays abve minority take benefit	negative
dhoni's helicopter shot ; -) ;-) ;-)	positive
aacha ji . bt + en _ suffix this cnfsn aacha is awesome for your crush	positive
it's a beautiful song !	positive
i recorded the wanted on celebrity juice so if anyone missed it , i'll stream it again on saturday if anyone wants to see it ?	positive
m . tv laptop and phone , everything is in front : d : p	neutral
people have been lined out for this gold pack since wednesday night at the florida mall . . . shame on you .	neutral
1 minute brother	neutral
nitin gadkari # rail budget2015 aise listen just like parliament is walking on the road .	negative
Bro , come here to collect the diamond butterfly .	negative
Preparingg forg aipmt	neutral
i gave senti-mental advice to kachua sir . # Bollywood Kalinga :)	negative
rt @ sbr _ ca : # union budget2015 : taxes on technical services reduced to 10% from 25% .	neutral
friend , where are you ? you can't see confession . but everyone has died .	neutral
this was the biggest shout . . . i also had this : p	negative
world has seen , we won delhi . # aapstorm # aapsweep	positive
suddenly , people who were are against gandhis came so much concerned about missing parliament session ;-) # rahulonleave # whereisrahul	neutral
# rail budget2015 , what was bullet train's fat rice ? was that also a bad joke ? @ Draknanodemahta	positive
make me cry	neutral
sir ? please come to odisha sometime for promotion	neutral
hats off to them .... today's little freedom is only because of people like them .	positive
How many credits do you register for ?	neutral
Or gmail pswd	neutral
@ someUSER cant wait ! coming to see you in february from belgium !	positive
@ gurmeetramrahim # msg3successfulweeks pitaji indeed no words to explain your mercy...... egg no words to explain msg ....... father in blue	positive
oh god , how will this happen ... that god didn't answer , so i asked myself - suresh prabhu in lighter vein # rail budget2015	neutral
hey hi lolz	positive
4 in one lao super contra double dragon super mario and play a fun game	positive
free car parking	positive
brother 1 : i am not getting my car started friend ... brother 2 : please give me south africa ! # indvssa # savisand	negative
sir we are your sixty	positive
now anushka's family will ask for a favour .	neutral
salman brother plzzz pakistan you are surely a very good person plzzzzz brother	positive
brother keep udbilao away from television today	neutral
Okies ..	negative
india army bad india army defeated the entire army	negative
rt @ vinodinsan777 : @ gurmeetramrahim # msgyouthicon ... father everything will happen with your mercy only .	positive
e cut 6th period just night kevin didnt have to be in art by himself , i am such a good friend !	positive
hahaar gupta mukund sharma yaman sharma piyush yadav i am coming out of the cage of monkeys :)	negative
there is someone near the baap who can please jaanta ok	negative
oh my god	negative
5 mnt or	neutral
rt @ðebguy : target is to eradicate poverty by 2022 . that means we will have to live for many years . # union budget2015	positive
@ gurmeetramrahim yes my rockstar papa ji , this is all your mercy # msgincinemas # msgthefilm	neutral
if you live near long beach consider going to @someUSER church 2 hear @ someUSER sat @someUSER on sunday @someUSER #oldslow @someUSER	neutral
Butg ma'am , just think , one word .	neutral
tickets for the france , belgium , netherlands , germany , denmark , february , and sweden mata tour go on sale tomorrow ! good luck ! :) via @ Somuज़र	positive
That's what i tried calling you ? ?	positive
@ narendramodi @ aamir _ khan @ princessrani modisir please watch pk movie once and look at the issues raised by it	neutral
rt @ pray _ aag : today sania-shoaib did not make food at home ! shoaib went to sania party and slept . # indvspak @ anil _ artani @ 9510shubham	neutral
# railbudget2015 speed on 10 corridors to b increased frm160 to 200 ( kmph ) increasing track capacity to 1.32 kms settingup of research centres	neutral
what is this !	negative
you are great modi ji by your permission our sir has risen above the competition in the world	positive
I'm aunty exited ... only 3 min remaining	neutral
free medicine	positive
@someUSER however , he has confirmed breaking a chair in the duke pressbox , 2nd such destruction at a duke sporting event .	negative
Ha , what was wrong , what was wrong . Go and take your money , you won't be able to steal it .	positive
someone tell me my maggi it feels like i've lost her in 2 mins	neutral
don't meet on the way	negative
you are amazing ! ! the beautiful dreams of Mungirilal :)	positive
why are you showing some jokes in the movie	neutral
happy eid , brother .	positive
when guddu's condition becomes normal , the tab will come . awesome garbage bin	positive
@ gurmeetramrahim papa ji ... u r super n ... superstar hero in msg movie # msgincinemas me in white dress in melange mall http : t .co brncuqfxyd	positive
# landacquisitionbill debates # loksabha # rajyasabha notions # annahazare protests by all # politicalparty but does the poor # farmers even know -!	neutral
@ someUSER :( for what it's worth , i thought the finder was a funny , clever show . sad it didn't even get a 2nd season .	negative
Ma'am , let's talk .	neutral
What will happen to all the people ?	neutral
salute to mahatma gandhi	positive
Is there no teacher in school ?	positive
finally going to watch shamitabh .	neutral
you guys didn't hear the whole story . dosa actually deposited 250 bucks fine and kept 750 to himself . talk about profit sharing .	neutral
cheeeta h londa	positive
rt @ jasbjp : for taste we can go to some v had . like someone rapist can do something to remove his air # beefban	positive
Lumbar sir has no meaning from the world . he is being taken to eat .	neutral
IŸ u sallu bhai jaan	positive
@ someUSER ever since uncharted 3 and mass effect 3 , i've been weary of third games . then again this is technically the 5th . can't wait !	positive
i noticed all the huddlestone haters were conspicuous by their absence yesterday , especially when he assisted bale for the 1st goal # thfc	negative
gowns at the ready girls , q4 update tomorrow ! @ someUSER @ someUSER	positive
awesome talk from awesome @ someUSER in the star apprentice class tonite on social media ! just in time for super tuesday !	positive
salman khan criminal	negative
this is always there , when match happens , then these tricks come in handy	neutral
just whooped some ass in kill confirmed with @ someUSER and @ someUSER tomorrow its back to makin kats cry in gears3	positive
brother at 4 you will reply to me on page itself . i am very personal .	neutral
In lemme , marry will be given to him , bro ...	neutral
phle was very upset now !	neutral
i love you , my life .	positive
roma enjoying a run in the sun http URL	positive
I don't want to go today .	neutral
# tech apple ceo apologizes for error-ridden new map up - apple ceo tim cook apologized friday for the company & amp ; # 039 ; . . . http URL	negative
pumped to open the season tomorrow night against georgetown ! women's preview : http URL . men's preview : http URL	positive
seems like this Anna sir has gone mad	negative
Take a look	positive
you just gave us 20 rupees on eid . . . : p n rest of the year . . . 2 actania . . :(	negative
# rail budget2015 for the first time . a pm has given adequate attention to . railway and its condition . # pm # modi	positive
i went to school in the evening , i watched fantasy of cricket and wrestling in the day . wow wow . what a day .	positive
sir what is your stand on # pk movie hahaha <3 @ swamy39 @ hdlindiaorg @ bajpsamवाद @ pmoindia @ yogi _ adityanath @ rammadhavbjp @ mohanbhagwat59	neutral
mail my grade cards once	neutral
england's patel stakes test claim with century : mumbai : sat patel hit a century on thursday to make a strong . . . हटप URL	neutral
what Salman Bhadve	negative
Whichg oneg ?	neutral
bhai you make us worry , we all trust you . these films cost 300 cr .	positive
o gad . don kejriwal . you clap your knees and hit him . you are jerk .	negative
finding out that its national margarita day on a thursday this year just made having no class on friday was much better # excited	positive
brother i didn't get any of your comments . . i also enjoy reading your comments :) : d	positive
i have to wait till sunday to see carmelo anthony and the knicks debut ?	neutral
highlight of monday was chucking a mattress down the stairs which hit eleanor around the face , causing her to fall down the stairs	neutral
today's latest xbox is more stupid than aurpps . at that time " flying around mario " used to happen .	positive
how are they going to act in new york with the subways out ? they better clutch it out like eli manning 4th quarter	neutral
rt karaminsan07 : rt tejaraminson : gurmeetramrahim # msg100croreclub # blockbustermsg # mustwatchmsg oh my god , please pray to me .	neutral
hey sanjay prasad , how are you ?	neutral
you want to make money out of the name of the party and its make-up .	negative
Study	negative
गुdu disappeared in the water	neutral
धारणा धारणा धारणा धारणा . How long will it last धारणा . . . . . When elections are held atey h his धारणा utsav has started . . . . . . we have got our leader that is modi . . . . you could not pass the Lokpal Bill from Sonia in 2 years but Modi has started working on bade projects pr work . . . . you could not do anything . . . . . your adopted son sat in the chair once but he could not get respect . . . . now he is not worthy of respect . . . . . . . he was respecting you but now he is not respecting you .	negative
I swear on greeting , open the muffler .	neutral
Divided by 4	neutral
hahhaha . . . . . . . contra ’ s power was the worst power in the world . . . . . . . . . . . >_ <_ < : p : d : v	negative
this pschyo is not a winner , it is not the hands of salman and farah .	negative
@ someUSER is @ someUSER going as that " upwards kid " that he played so well on sande night with his prop friend , " adidas " ?	positive
And Tata sells salt and tea . infosys is a cyber cafe .	neutral
ditto feeling	positive
Lovly Sallu Bhaijaan	positive
@Iyamkrishnam : what do these devotees ban ? ban the dagger of uttar pradesh . # beefban	neutral
would it be acceptable for me to write my free entry friday in ms . hughes ' class tomorrow on candy	neutral
hello salman khan sir	neutral
@ someUSER the mere mention of catholics makes my blood rise - and i was raised catholic . rejected somewhere around 5th grade .	negative
come , we will watch it on id day itself , this time also you have a record with peheley movies , how are you , being salman khan ? 1000 crores	positive
if they play new born tomorrow instead of sa i will throw one of the mouldy donuts in the flat at bellamy and his shitey roulette wheel	negative
i did shaving after deno everytime i got confessions . now i will shave again .	negative
Yes this is ... . No problem , no problem	neutral
i am aapki bhut badi fen han sir . please smile once and say something riply .	neutral
bc who said to ask for a different country . be dead now . there is no electricity , go to win the match # indvspak	negative
just to sleep and see what is happening	negative
nowadays peple is getting more nervous about inflation in country . rising dollar rupee index but of fuckin unshaved armpits	negative
. @ bhayanakpuppy @ gabbersingh ha hahaha ... " mubarak soniya ji ... you have been beaten " # whereisrahul # rahulonleave	negative
rippio ceo neil cox is speaking at chicago's social media week tomorrow about " social media & amp ; the changing face of employment - check it .	neutral
Hey , tell me . I want to drink . Inka , chesstunnav ?	neutral
both . @ imshikhard & amp ; . @ imvspak going nicely with their genius # mrf bats . # indvspak # cwc15 # worldcup2015 # bkeedblue	neutral
Is it Imported ?	neutral
No problem	neutral
when rupee fell i remembered how sonia gandhi was #Ppu : P	neutral
Yes , look in the bathroom tomorrow .	positive
saala kutta workina amara time west kara taiya salman	negative
it's past 4 brother . come now	neutral
brother ... keep your tnsn free ...	neutral
can't watch rafa's " i'll be back " video til the end , it's too heartbreaking :( plus it just reminded me he was up 5 in ao 5th set . . .	negative
Yes ..	neutral
Really remembered school days friend thanxxx	positive
I will leave home by 8 o'clock	neutral
Dhanyavad dd1	neutral
you cracked me up in a boring meeting : d . . wait cracked no no broke no no cracked me up right ? ! ;)	neutral
i remembered so much that i didn't need to write it . i didn't understand whether to sleep with 2 pegs or 2 pegs	neutral
# whereisrahul # rahulonleave spotted for preparation of final board exams .... http : t . co etthz2qt1p	neutral
Sir , I'll talk to you from jodhpur . Please meet me at your airport again . Please give me something .	neutral
@ gurmeetramrahim # msgincinemas # msgincinemas bad luck to you brother ... finally you can cover the clouds till sunset ...	neutral
son put some sweater it's too cold	neutral
remember south africa people that if india had liberated them , how could they have won the match ?	neutral
good news dear	positive
Really welcome brother .	neutral
it was right . . . " feed me some water . . " . . : p	positive
two weapons of mahatma gandhi . non violence and truth	neutral
ana . now will you also do nagarya ? ? all your boys were set by congress government	neutral
somethings can't be forgotten . awesome creativity guys . hats off .	positive
what are you saying ? come on , it wouldn't have happened	neutral
hello sallu bhaan	neutral
hey brother , where are you ? is it upday ?	neutral
Will you eat rice or will you forget ?	neutral
rt @ princeinsa 1919 : the only difference between dreams and achievements is hard work . @ gurmeetramrahim # msg3successfulweeks	neutral
is congress's hand behind the post ?	positive
god translated guddu to english .	neutral
Hello , farewell today .	negative
today you should be happy a lot # you # aapsweep # delhidecides # aapstorm # kischidelli # amitabhbachchan @ srbachchan http : t .co 3bfdmncmdf	neutral
by the way where is luncher sir ? does he not go to school ?	neutral
how will india chase such a big target ? # indvsuae	neutral
OK Alia bora matmanno sujao Khoda Hafiz by Mafi beggar ki habit nhi sanjao byyyyyy ....	neutral
tomorrow is the release of the 20th anniversary kniteforce boxset featuring many remixes including mine of super sunday ! $92 at the store !	positive
how did dude tell me to go ?	neutral
OK bye	negative
prestige is what abd had inspite of losing the semi's he will be a winner in the heart of cricket fans	positive
Miss this world cup	neutral
she never was in love with you . . she was just a friend of yours . . normal college friend . . . valuable suggestion for you that you do anything with her , she is not some thing or object . . she is still your friend n will be .	negative
gud wo up d ordr would have come out tb this log , how would you have done to get semis m chang thi ctin ordr !	neutral
the joke is on that delhi . free wifi only for 30 minutes and not for private use http : t . co luhipim034 # aapsweep # aapstorm http : t . co godfpm2i9r	negative
@ndtvindia # landacquisitionbill surprised to know abt facts of china's farmers suicide	neutral
Yes , it's a theme .	neutral
Mr . Khan I listened to all your words and followed them too . Trust me .	positive
@ someUSER @ someUSER yes these are the submissions to be considered by grammys . in december they announce the actual nominees .	neutral
rest tell mam up ..	neutral
jennifer aniston , justin theroux high end shopping ; time to decorate the crib : tuesday , e ! online shared the vid . http URL	neutral
all girls are not like you but its because you met wrong girls at this time !	neutral
arvind brother long live	positive
if india has a match and there are no tricks then what is fun ?	neutral
Even after being muslim , this does not explain how big a crime suicide is .	negative
why do these people comment on comments .... ; - p .... comment on confession	negative
there is no place of faith in this type of people , this much zulum on this little guy . darkness .	negative
sag for life : stacey , april , gabriel irie april # mrandmrscheek happy wedding day ! @ north star ballroom http URL	positive
this game cassettes walo made a lot of jokes	neutral
Come , we will see it till 5 30 .	negative
Byeeg	neutral
curse on him . . . his brother was run away from india . . . .	negative
true ... . . . . . i love you mother	positive
heard ka sallu bhai does not need muslims anymore . this is true :)	neutral
small gandhi	neutral
Thank you sir your visit will definitely benefit the country . We are proud of you and your policies .	positive
New Year Â R	positive
look at the pattern of the sweaters . . . one is shahrukh's bag of mohabbatan	positive
hey what were you saying about bhataa lotus bua	negative
No	neutral
before this i used to cry with udbilao family only	positive
multi telanted wow	positive
what did you think .. blind date will come after brad pitt ..	neutral
someone send me a msg salman khan	neutral
salute brother you haven't done this good work	negative
come on brother	neutral
@ someUSER 1st one = thunder cats , the skull with fire = ghost rider and i think the one below the skull is captain planet :)	neutral
woow woow woow woow woow woow woow woow woow woow woow ramdev's son will be born	positive
dnt compromise your career for u r so called gf ... why don't you make something special for us , we're not going to ask you that ... so now get ready nd stdy pe dhyn lga .. you are a bad person on gf .	neutral
# arvindannaback # landacquisitionbill modi in a major fix . he will criticized no matter what he does with the bill . major blow for him .	negative
Yes , he called now .	neutral
where are you , where are you , why are you fooling us ?	neutral
temple run : p . . life is a race of your own . doing better than yourself matters more than doing better than others . failure is an opportunity for new beginning . you're eventually going to die , no matter what !	positive
hey , i got a shock today that he is a batsman basicaly , till today i thought he is a spinner lol and this uski aunty looks seriously like a monkey's copy .	positive
#81 my roomie talks in his sleep and doesn't know about it , but the rest of the wing have all heard him . None of us have told him yet .	neutral
@ someUSER Aare u coming up the 17th . davis is playing hawaii for vball so we will see chris webb and scott aunty . ur mom and amp ; my mom are !	positive
@ Somusar tbf it is , hodgson currently has the same record as capello and hoddle but a better defensive . this is his 11th game in	positive
why did tortoise sir want to tear , why did you send gurdu to bring chalk	negative
# rahulonleave rahul : ma why are you laughing at my holiday talk ? sonia : son because you are #pappu :)	negative
i am jealous of you	neutral
wherever jai is hit on hit , jai is only sallu brother	positive
brother plzzzz please come	neutral
the firecrackers bought in 1992 could not be burnt even today by pakistanis . # indvspak # indwins	negative
this time eid's party is on brother's side	neutral
don't make us wait brother .. come fast	neutral
It's done your friend .	negative
And the need for money is also a lot .	negative
Hahaha chicken ?	neutral
@ someUSER i would think you would do that if you are running for potus . it may be part of your job someday .	neutral
are you in dwaraka right now ?	neutral
ha ha so true !	positive
lion's dog has been brought to compete since so long . lion will remain lion . modi is not even dust from modi's feet . modi modi modi and only modi	negative
no boys .. hail a little bit	neutral
shifting to delhi .. electricity , water , wifi all free .. lmao xd # aapsweep # delhidecides	positive
last saturday , your phbmates in cebu , all performed some of britney's hits ! basing on this picture , you'll have http URL	neutral
i wish i had a class like this .	positive
it's done ..	positive
Superb floop salman khan	negative
modi speaks on the stage itself kajrival gave modi an open assurance to get fat	negative
@ Hemking @ Jashosa you come , come . we are scared of the sky . # Cricketcomplete # indvspak	neutral
you are not muslim	negative
@ someUSER brilliant result ! ! i think the winnings may go on our phone bill after i'm a celeb or dancing on ice if the rumours are true :(	neutral
my mother had done homework bass bag keeping it bum bum	negative
if tortoise sir had snatched , he would have definitely called mummy .	negative
salman .. brother .. are you seeing how many fans are waiting for you .. just say hello to everyone	neutral
they put the days we missing on the news : 2 days from christmas break , president's day , and we get out on june 24 . -__Ÿ-	neutral
Senors are really ready , respect for senors should not be given . Nor should they be written correctly .	neutral
@ dadarknighty : that awkward moment when it's safer being a cow than a woman . # beefban	negative
my husband has been stuck like a favicle since morning	neutral
Rahul gandhi , from a few moments ago . I think . # delhidecides # rahulgandhi # india http : t . co jdha7kwest	neutral
modi sir's government is going to come in delhi	positive
guddu you are the best	positive
brother it's already time for march closing or india's match	negative
who to the bell game tomorrow though	neutral
bhai suri	neutral
The need to be saved from violence taught Gudu acting as well .	neutral
it's friday before wppi ! who is going this year ? i am ! before i leave on sunday , i wanted to give out a fun . http URL	positive
@ gurmeetramrahim # msg3successfulweeks love you so much and miss you so much :-) http : t . co qzl2x9q70q	neutral
Pooja is not going to sleep brother	negative
I thought that if I liked this page , then there will be two confessions . But this is only about ms ishita . . . admin change the name and write ishita confessions : p	neutral
dear delhi look at this , you will live long . these are good days http : t .co fn7t79uqfr	neutral
bhai i and my family from kolkata will surely watchappka film	positive
just been to @ someUSER with @ someUSER for 1st time since blake . walked reggie & amp ; Anna , 2 really sweet dogs .	positive
@ someUSER if you get ungrounded tomorrow go to lauren's birthday kickback	neutral
everyone's respect everyone's pride everyone's love salman khan . best of luck for film salu	positive
esome ... sharma's son ... laughing out loud ... pankaj khangar	neutral
do you want to do with them ? ?	neutral
i need 5 lacs of keeplight to start my work	neutral
I knw dear .... and i m agree with you ... first they take entrance exam ... and after that they give results like its a joke ... they aunty no ryt to do it ...	neutral
wow , go and request and see , salman brother will you not even show us the tab	neutral
guddu is watching old tv in this worldcup . . . he would have led the tv if he could . . .	negative
you do lotus bajrangi bhaiya this much wait ;-)	neutral
this time shaan brother left .	positive
was the normal question ? just give attention like this .	neutral
come	neutral
nice commet salu brother	positive
shaan : what a cry brother . . . for one second my eyes were also on my side : p	positive
the belief of ancient times , when the player got up in the middle of the match , the sticks of the player fell down . : d : d !	neutral
sad i won't get to see @ someUSER on the challenge : battle of the seasons tonight :( i guess i'll have to wait until next wednesday . .	negative
are you making gf only or ... revolution will continue to happen afterwards ;)	negative
Lambar sir did not have any fault .	negative
No . When any work starts , tell me .	positive
Holy cricket .. Did he actually ..?? Ma'am Khata 2 thak jha , gandalf remove , duc save .. No one listened to my words ! #	neutral
brother i am waiting for your film	neutral
can you come after breathing	negative
sister bang you	negative
everyone , who is this best fan of btao bhai ?	neutral
brother this is india , the people of yahna still have humanity	positive
How did Bgudu take the same in the middle of the match ?	neutral
luk into her eyes . . hold her hands and say " baby m srry " that's going to solve evrythin . .	neutral
i'm best looking forward to the knicks verse nets game on thursday ! carmelo anthony verse deron williams my two favorite players !	positive
Who will bear that	neutral
said where are you	neutral
Your interest is in website development	negative
mother father of english kar de	neutral
Cursor Cursor	positive
@ someUSER @ someUSER y'all tryna fuck with chapel hill tomorrow night ?	negative
Ary jaan ki hahahaha ... two page per ... bygod ... open aam besti hai this toha ! XD ! '( . Ancient Dogra	neutral
@ gurmeetramrahim msg movie teaches to walk on right path in life , to serve the poor people # blockbustermsg	positive
@ Somusar i know but it's smile ! richie hawtin is on a saturday	neutral
#155 my roomie has a decently hot girlfriend since 2 and a half years and he's never had sex . I think I'm more disappointed than he is .	negative
people of sbhi delhi will now get free wifi at the gate of old delhi station . you have fulfilled your promise ! # rail budget2015	positive
@ gurmeetramrahim i have a msg , my dear sweetheart , please do good deeds . watch # msgincinemas # welovemsg	positive
castle 5x06 sneak peek 3 . ( season 5 episode 6) http / URL is it monday yet ?	neutral
Oh my god , I don't want to talk to you .	positive
now they will come and say good evening . good bye they will go	neutral
I have waited for my up movie for a long time .	neutral
Astuðndo brown eyes live @ friday show with jonathan ross - ladi gaga bhop URL via @ Somusar	positive
Now , it is not of any use sticking it . You have ruined us .	negative
you are alive	positive
which phone do you use that is a useless phone...... my message won't be able to display to you ... otherwise i would have replied to you	neutral
it is one of the best gigs of garbag bin e haw veer encontrd . . . . . shame on you	positive
even if you take a telescope and see , you won't be able to see bjp congress now in delhi assembly . # aapsweep # aapstorm	negative
Hey , it's fine .	neutral
Oh my god , give us both our weight by remembering .	neutral
come ma'am .. if we get old we will have to share time .. mother will have to do sixty work ..	neutral
the best launcher sir is eating udbilao's chips . really you are so creative .	positive
Really made me चू	negative
what to do to make 17 inches biceps . give me some tips .	neutral
Brother , I have a request for you . I will talk to you on whatsapp . I have seen you live .	neutral
54) A Bro is required to go out with his bros on st . paddys day and other bro holidays like halloween :) and desperation day feb 13th	neutral
I didn't know he was a scrabble player . Learnt bridge from him though . I don't agree with him about not brushing p	neutral
ðð	neutral
# landacquisitionbill , kill the helpless farmers . you won't be happy even after that .	negative
it's really good . i'm feeling like i've finished ramzan .	positive
masterstroke by bjp , nitin gadkari joining anna's notion tomorrow # landacquisitionbill http : t .co litwmoxnkg	neutral
on the hill side , near the temple there is a junior faculty member who sells dog until 1 am . apparently only very few students know about it .	neutral
# replacemovienamewithmuffler lage stay muffler brother # aapsweep # ndtvresults	neutral
It's very nice .	neutral
rajiv eng chiek	neutral
oh hello evil grin !	negative
@ timesnow yes a # rail budget2015 because they have intention and vision both .	neutral
So what do you do ?	negative
i think afridi want kohli to be more aggressive # pumatimeout # indvspak	neutral
superb gag . . . . but gussa on o , girls would not have failed . i crossed mario's 8 level poora , katra too all levels . . . . koi game won't be released from my hand except duck hunt . . . . we won't bear this injustice .	negative
I don't even want to see your face .	negative
it's true mam	positive
rt human _ sunyana : rt virpalbathenda : gurmeetramrahim my dear lord satguru , how did you feel # blockbustermsg , i was hungry .	neutral
do something with the internet money :-) :-) :-)	positive
crazy how sports economics have changed . larry bird's rookie deal was 5 yrs , $3 . 25 m total . 6th pick damian lillard will make $3 m this yr .	neutral
@ someUSER :) most def , i think when you come tomorrow the boys will be here .	positive
i have tkts to see plan b next feb - hi has already announced his support acts - labrinth and rudimental ! ! ! ! this news has made me tres happy	positive
@ someUSER were doing great up until the 3rd . struggling a lot . harden and lin doing very well together . harden w 31 pts . so far .	positive
son , when someone else enters , everything will go wrong .	neutral
" birthday cake " this going to be the song leading us into 4th quarter , count it .	positive
triple mother's exemption	negative
salman brother i am a very big fan of yours i like you a lot	positive
# indians missing # sehwag :( and his first ball four # indvssa	neutral
@ someUSER can you guys please update the schedule in the association mode so that the knicks can play the nets on november 26th . thank you !	positive
anytime search life bbc . . selected statements of this blog . no one believes in news	negative
valuation of india's people's votes is equal in delhi . modi in india , there should be a lot of problams	negative
Yes but can't be done at night .	neutral
Osm party salman brother your gift	positive
sing song - come , my god calls you my song .. ;-)	negative
my b sare school k model dad bnet the	neutral
all the numbers to the left hand of the balloon	neutral
oh this is also a request that once it has happened why dobra . i don't even have a to net . call me by msg and tell me . please tell me the net	negative
brother , the more fun your posts are , the more exhilarating are the cmnts you send . mood is very high .	positive
you make a film on the story of my song	neutral
greetings teotia . . his number will be added to the final . . laugh out loud :)	negative
happy valentines day & lt ; 3 ! yes , in brazil , it is celebrated on june 12 . u r mind = blown !	positive
cannot wait to see @ someUSER with my boys @ someUSER and @ someUSER next friday in athens !	positive
ðŸ ̃Ÿ	negative
can be done to resign from team srinivasan brother	neutral
nw new1 is congress party want to loot the country plan	negative
okay	neutral
i pray to indian team that they do not defeat uae badly gulf because gulf countries have huge enemies . # indvsuae	negative
no , no .. canteen is coming	positive
rt @ anamika843 : # msg3successfulweeks is a sign that humanity is still alive within millions with the grace of god @ gurmeetramrahim	positive
what madness it is . running away from home is not the solution of any religion . be brave friend . . . and tell the truth to sister-in-law	positive
Modi ji i find your thinking very right . there is no progress for everyone . that's why country's development is the most important .	positive
I am also indian . Whoever calls a muslim a street , and himself a muslim , he is fool .	negative
chalk used to be used only to write , to die .	positive
superstar salman brother	positive
Modi has said only name	positive
Assam Alikum bhaijaan eid mubarak brother you are a very good human . Good luck .	positive
my toha house has kejwaha madam	neutral
supw--socially useful productive work , the kids are very busy .	neutral
Now it's alright right ..	negative
just cuss it's friday here are 62 reasons why bill murray is awesome http URL	positive
i don't share this much . . but i care about you mother .	positive
@ gurmeetramrahim # msgyouthicon # msgrevolution father , after watching the movie , people will start feeling shocked that people have fear of third gender also because of you .	neutral
played the song ' ain't no need to worry ( album version ) ' by the winans on @ someUSER http URL	neutral
Salman khan , you are a muslim . Do not ask for forgiveness of your sins from God . He will not get any peace . You are also a traitor .	neutral
Haan fitting . Tanch	neutral
# delhidecides # aapsweep # abhiki delhi is still a burden , now delhi has won @ abhimiparti @ arvindkejriwal @ drkumarvishwas	neutral
Wht t fð k ir awahi do you post something	negative
after a long time the country has found an able and capable leader who is popular even abroad .	positive
Pavan kuman ... come now ..	neutral
Brother , you have turned away from the truth . This cannot happen because of your stupidity . Your P . A has ruined your name .	positive
dude i thnk u shud try again :) its not your fault at all . this is CBSE people's fault .	neutral
eeeee	neutral
Anna ji wait , the answer will be taken away on 10 feb .	neutral
what do you mean by religion . your religion is neither muslim nor hindu	neutral
salman is dead	negative
@ shaziailmi what happened lol we did not lose . you cm candidate ran and you followed her running from @ timesnow # aapsweep # aapstorm # u	neutral
kuun fastest so far on ss4 , williams 2nd and fekken 3rd . cronje still leads but the gap is now 8sec from habif # सारli # pr	positive
" we ourselves feel that what we are doing is just a drop in the ocean . but the ocean would be less because of that missing drop . " -)	positive
love uuu hahaha dude you are tired replying only	positive
This semester way like hell	negative
# aapsweep delhi has shown we can think beyond religion cast race	positive
dude dude	neutral
brother you look superb at movie bajrangi bhaijaan , you always loved us fans like this . this is enough for me . love you brother	positive
prabhansu eng sirg's family will come . . to give unholy phng	neutral
the momentous # aap victory for the second time is killing my work ethics for research . synopsis greys ! why teas colveri de ? # delhidecides	neutral
cut off with them ... negative ppl will only . c u negative traits ... be wit ppl who likes u n doesnt look down upon u !	neutral
@ someUSER looks gorgeous ! i'm going to try it out tomorrow . do you have a base colour or just two coats of northern lights in the picture ?	positive
I wish bajrangi bhaijaan a very happy life .	positive
very good bajp supporter .	positive
seems like shaan or alice wants a breakup	negative
love . mother " s love is beyond imagination .	positive
@ till today , you asked me the story of my heart , i even know the names of some crazy people . # union budget2015 # powerful _ minister	negative
#107 My neighbor in IIT never trusted me . So that made me furious . Hence whenever he and his girlfriend used to do staff , I used to stop the music in my room .	neutral
okk bhai jaan	neutral
what did you say	neutral
And this out x - (	negative
ghetto at the center of the world : chungking mansions , hong kong bhop URL	neutral
Hi , paani has come to my eyes . . . Just like a few days ago , it's a matter of fact :)	positive
That only	negative
@ someUSER @ someUSER @ someUSER print ain't dead yet Cole , and i'm sure you know there's something special about sunday papers too .	positive
party is done for everyone ... now rest ... brother is sleeping	neutral
That's why father used to say that you will spoil your children by giving money ;-)	negative
said how ? i love you a lot .	neutral
background music was gud . forgot its name . what was it ?	neutral
true story and now normalization has killed engineering colleges :(	negative
he was a talented guy	positive
correctly said brother	positive
@ gurmeetramrahim # msgincinemas # msgincinemas i love you , i don't want to touch you , i want to touch you like this .	neutral
@ codingdash but pk movie was silent on mullas , yes , right misguided ppls supporting # pk Debate	negative
also .. movie will be blockbuster brother	positive
manuel charr looks confident ahead of saturday clash vs vitali klitschko : charr didn't look scared as he stared . http URL	positive
exactly i have also done this a lot of times	positive
tell brother that he will be buzzy he will come	neutral
yes awesome	neutral
please . . you are trying to fool us , when you propose to do so . . : p	neutral
you are good . . . . all grls failed . . . . lol . . . . you must have done a lot of work with remote to push mario . you must have forgotten to press b	negative
Bro , my sim is docomo . I have tried it a lot . It's okay .	neutral
today : sefton v @ someUSER home 12noon - including president's day ; 2nd xi v @ someUSER early 12 . 45pm . let's hope the forecast's wrong !	neutral
haha o'neal all-star comedy jam @ dar constitution hall sat 8pm nov 3 , 2012 washington dc . . looks like it will be a great show ! !	positive
kajari swear by kids . . . now he won't be able to run . . . a liar , a traitor .	negative
thankgod i am left speechless all engineers are hitting like dogs .. take 3 sci don't take it come on	negative
take one suggestion and apply it . . it's too much heat ! - P # OldMonk admin summers i have bullet proof jacket . do you want to tie it to your head on the date ? - D	negative
@ someUSER the heat game may cost alot more . . . and plus i would rather see austin rivers play	neutral
Ha now see	negative
old india st sc kardo :( did general quota get a different blessing ?	neutral
brother i am coming fast come fast	neutral
No problem	neutral
brother gud brother you are a very good human	positive
and two free factories . . . for free things we give government clouds . this was a fir match .	negative
Chitra ki kumjjiya . . . . . hahaha so funny friend	positive
when the best talent is on internship . @ someUSER sony is coming to tp this friday to look for student talents ! "	positive
pacino to play paterno in bio film coming out soon . this will mark pacino's 2nd film with the phrase , " say hello to my little friend . "	neutral
westbound into the united states - ongoing bridge inspection - construction - may be delays - eastbound into canada - trucks no delay - cars no delay	neutral
But how are you able to beat me plz tell me plzzz ? z ? zzzzzzz ? zz	neutral
rt @ sa _ sekhao : you won't be able to do it : p # indvsuae	negative
what was the strategy of spreading his business	positive
One day he will go on his own to make fun of himself	negative
Then we will confession on the topic and ban all the topics .	neutral
now mullaiya has started walking	neutral
settingt the closing line o u at superbowl for bagatelle shaded under , line may move to jan 1st	neutral
take	neutral
@ gurmeetramrahim # blockbustermsg hey ! lover of yours like this , love for you , love for your family , this is my prayer to you .	positive
do god's work is the worst crime	neutral
Didn't you find any other name , even before this , a film named hiro has been hit .	negative
delmar johnson will interview about new release of book ! boci talk radio @ 10am cst on october 31st . listen , . . . http URL	neutral
on february 13th . " desperation day " a magical night , when a ten has the self-esteem of a four and the depraved enthusiasm of a two . : bad	neutral
56 games he would have done in sale . -_-	negative
Vote to you	neutral
i remember it happen in my place also no one will shake with their wrists	neutral
I am tired of the profile picture .	neutral
salman white white look	positive
this next superbowl is on my 21st birthday . random fact of the day .	neutral
attention ..	negative
something different , sir . will you campaign for delhi's elections now ?	neutral
What happened ?	negative
@Telchukkar one and only thing cleanliness . # rail budget2015	neutral
pta h . these fake news are spreading all over the world . but maybe they can affect the flm . ap wts ap pe vdo share crok against some of our bola muslims . inshallah everything will be settled	neutral
Will this really happen ?	neutral
lamb of god concert on wednesday , formal on saturday , and 1st anniversary with my baby martin on sunday & lt ; 3	neutral
you call yourself fans , but you can never win , you can never lose brother	negative
# rahulonleave is trending . but , when did he come for work :) : o	neutral
Just answer one question , when will you meet me ?	neutral
hey . . omg ! so true , go and eat everything you can .	neutral
@ gurmeetramrahim you forgot sirjanhara , forget the whole world ... # blockbustermsg	neutral
keep moving on one another , my country has gone mad	negative
And how are you	neutral
Abhe 2 mint haan yaar	neutral
hello hello	neutral
how much you lose salman your bajrangi bhaijan will be flop insallah	negative
Bro , anything wrong ?	positive
dear mr confessor go n post this letter to him . not on a confession page !	neutral
sumegha yadav . . remember the new year's eves we had with all those stupid award shows . it never got better than those anyways .	positive
when guddu's mother said " udbilao has come " . . . the थीs was epic ! ! !	positive
oye oye .. no bad man gya !.. im kidding .. hour best friend . i told you to hit it	negative
Oyeeeee	neutral
Salman brother , you are the only one in the industry . You are the only one , no one else is like you .	positive
Long number	negative
seems like now bjp will have to do work with wagnor # delhidecides # Apki Delhi	neutral
Yeah seriously , no one seems to know . I confess in one of the lectures I went about asking people if they knew what RK meant .	neutral
respect for women is the respect of the country , progress of women is the progress of the country	positive
hello . . tank wars was the best . . no brother ? ?	positive
1 time social mother punishment seed me in front of staff room , i was beaten up , what would happen to the bell in brother's temple .	negative
i thought father's band was going to be playing , i thought it was going to be wrong . :) : p	negative
Kamleshwar ji modi government was not there at that time	neutral
firstly , brother has spoken in english so that you don't understand it . . I doubt whether he is hindi or hindi .	neutral
fast daey 70 crore brother	positive
man , keep silent now , it's already 4 general elections . every time you come with a new fake issue , people don't understand this brother .	negative
it's happen only in india feel proud be indian !	positive
omg bullet for my valentine are going to be on radio 1 on monday night	neutral
Modi sir , you should be the first OBC president . Do something for OBC . After that no one will do anything .	negative
Bhaio to pooja <3	neutral
hello ji what hello i am ramu kuma	neutral
on October 25 2011 i told taylor swift i wouldn't listen to her until she wrote about something else . one year later and here we are still .	negative
this nhi help kro lol	positive
congrats team india for magnificent win in first match of icc world cup 2015 .... well done ... bring cup soon in india # indvspak # cwc15	positive
rt vgondia : rt vipaninson : jayajsthediva # blockbustermsg sister you act very well in msg . best off luck in future .	positive
ð	neutral
man .	neutral
That means aap has to resolve 1 . 5 issues daily on an average to resolve all issues in 49 days .	neutral
hit this idiot with votes . if he gets less then his condition will worsen .	negative
fuck u @ admin ... you are the one with your knicks party .	negative
Will you talk to us ?	neutral
where are you darlingg ?	neutral
will gurgaon launde come ?	neutral
hey , i was free for the game . . . but seriously , i have grown up playing it . . . i still miss those days .	neutral
i'm gonna hit the victor cruz if my classes get cancelled tomorrow	negative
Son last time you came to the tab how much did you do . Now I want to do one thing . You come fast plzzzz	neutral
c'mon rita i know you can do better	positive
google + hangout with : october 27th ! 2pm pacific 5pm eastern via # askllcoolj # llcooljhangout http URL # kpoptv # 2pm	neutral
salman don't worry your fan won't be confused by the beauty offaltu the movie will be awesome	positive
Nothing can be done by taking tension	negative
shadi nhi hogi friend what else	neutral
Delhi gave votes with open heartedness . # thankyoudelhi # 5saalkejriwal # kshi delhi # feb10witharnab # aapsweep # abhiki delhi # aapstorm	positive
any other update ? ?	neutral
There is one friend in the group who eats and drinks	neutral
@ someUSER there were contradictory signals from the mayor vis a vis evacuation , + n . o . has lots of ' canes , and may have been complacent	neutral
not patta , why do you come here , i am of the same caste	positive
naughty guddu . . . . he is a big guy . . .	negative
In the same breath . Bharat Mittal is the owner of a pco booth . . Birla's cement shop . . egg . . Ratan Tata is the owner of a garrage	neutral
michael jackson bad 25 will air november 22 on abc . make sure you watch it ! :) http URL	neutral
i will remember my childhood brother	neutral
Tu project कर्le	negative
not too emptional . . : p :(	negative
I told him to take it	neutral
rt @ anuradhagarg17 : # msgyouthicon tomorrow will happen , don't think about it , will your picture come tomorrow	neutral
@ gurmeetramrahim # msgincinemas # welovemsg superhit father's film	positive
had a wonderful workshop on thursday at sag office with carol nadell of selective casting . she is such a . http URL	positive
# Apki Delhi # aapsweep # delhidecides photoshop gave me a vote today .	neutral
the never before poll results assert that aap var 2.0 is released with bug fixes # aapsweep # aapstorm # u # arvindkejriwal	neutral
@ someUSER going to elon university . it's a private ubi at a damnŸ place . no worries , i'm going off on 22nd august . yes .	neutral
salman type anything once	neutral
kidney water	neutral
stick packs of concentrate per concentrate	neutral
donkey is grown up now . and nughty too . :)	positive
sallu brother <3	positive
@ someUSER yes , it is over the summer , danny mcbride confirmed " eastbound & amp ; down " was renewed for a 4th season . no word on a premiere date yet	neutral
Ma'am came	neutral
saale atna tou galaxy s won't be hanged as much as your english is hanged	negative
you make me emotional friend	neutral
Remembering your old sister-in-law , I wish I SWEAR ' ( <3	neutral
girls are at the top in school . boys are at the top in the rest of the life . to be at the top in one's studies is not everything . we have other jobs too .	neutral
Avi you please come	neutral
you don't post correctly for everyone . if you have liked the stars on the page then you will showtitude . you will ignore the post . thats not fair admin .	neutral
hey friend	neutral
salman brother did you not fast everyday ? for ramza	neutral
is cannibalism promoting kar ra hai iraq in name of islam # beefban	neutral
15 lac rupees will be given to everyone before elections .	positive
jennifer aniston & amp ; drew barrymore : fill in the blank ! : at the 2012 lacma art + film gala on sat . . . http URL # hollywood # news	neutral
I made a mistake . What did you do to him . If you would have done something , you would have done something .	neutral
aston villa line up january bid for danish midfielder : aston villa are reportedly monitoring the availability of .	neutral
hi brother	positive
@ gurmeetramrahim # blockbustermsg pray to papa that everything goes well . i pray to you that you eat mustard seed . i pray to you that you support me .	positive
your sb film is awesome , i and bajrang bali are great , jai bajrang bali ji , your film is suprhit by the name , hail your god	positive
salman from aBHi BHAi TENSION MAi HAHAHAHAHAHAHA	negative
haha hit the grammys tomorrow then ima aunty go thug it with @ someUSER live in my stomping grounds in the ie ! # grittygrindn	neutral
where are you hero , your song is amazing .	positive
delhi university confessions ki aaj mirana house confessions aaj yaar you name of this page ...	positive
the faster the train goes , the faster pm ji's train goes . then my 15 lakhs will be recovered . # rail budget2015	negative
it is my suggestion : cm of delhi should be a muslim & amp ; deputy cm a sikh . for strong secular message in india . are you enjoying ? # aap # aapsweep	neutral
best part is : sharma ji's son getting his ass kicked . it makes me feel better .	negative
but desi gals haw ' katil aden ' . . . wach फिरang balis lack . . it's a most uniquely beautiful thing but it may be lost on those who dont have a fine appreciation for such subtleties .	neutral
Joyful Holi Vith Love And Best Wishes !	positive
laugh out loud	neutral
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa . . . . no one moves	neutral
recognized from kanami . . . . ha ha ha ha ho ho ho	positive
when does salman come , when does he go , he doesn't trick anyone	neutral
You know in the game of football , that team wins who scored more goals than its opponent .	neutral
@ Somusar @ Somusar happily happily happily , meet you in nevada tomorrow so we can prepare .	positive
seriously maza used to come a lot , , , i had a good collection	positive
# msgyouthicon take my hand once again	neutral
now will we have to go to malana to eat beef steak ? # beefban	neutral
@ timesnow @ jaiaryawart delhi i also got security from outsiders and they keep it from me .	positive
Those who didn't understand , they should solve the turtle sir's problem : P	neutral
write	negative
we will do good work	neutral
Biryan would you have met me or in Bhopal	positive
a simple sorry is enough ! ! and henceforth try to understand other's situations too . .	neutral
I have heard that your actors don't reply to common people . You shouldn't do that .	neutral
salman said good . film bajrangi bhaijan oldbasyt walkam	positive
me & amp ; @ someUSER going to फुk the city up sept 15 . we taking it back to fairground for # battleofthesexes lets see who rock men women	neutral
@ someUSER elimination diet starts tomorrow don't you mean ;) # lean # velocity !	positive
there is a glimpse of the purity of soul and mind in this daughter's voice , be happy daughter .	positive
did you want to impress politicians in this post that they are going to run the country ..	neutral
brother shahid is also married when are you doing it	neutral
Bro , it's 9 o'clock here .	neutral
they will lose .	negative
cannot wait to play san france on sunday . if we can beat them at home for the nfc championship we can beat them now .	positive
bit of lightning ? he may have been the boss of olympus but poseidon controls the majority of weather phenomenon , also .	neutral
media , come on , it's enough .	negative
annie hasn't finished the high water marks but ash wed is under @ someUSER bayford oyster co # sandy http URL	neutral
ask who is not there ! !	neutral
this guy is a fisherman , sir .	negative
It's okay friend .	neutral
how many times roamed around in the tshirt . . . played cricket . . . . but there is one thing . . . i swear the ball was sweet . in the cold i remembered mummy instantly . . . . haah	positive
should i have an engagement party ? any who . san francisco this weekend then . i officially move to colorado on the 13th .	neutral
love you salman sir	positive
@ gurmeetramrahim # blockbustermsg dhan satguru , you are my only friend . give me a drink . we are waiting .	neutral
reminded me of my college egd clsses . on the day of external viva , sir while reading sheets at night , the candle fell from the bag and 7 sheets were burnt . . . on the fraudulent sheets , i found 8 from 10 . d acting was very good .	positive
salman brother , meet me sometime in front of you , i will definitely wear your spectacles , i will get kick .	positive
rt @ sanjaysainiinsa : # msg3successfulweeks always wear the pendant so that you remember that we are all one and god is also one ..	positive
A " confession " in its real term , finally !	neutral
I hope you get married soon .	neutral
the notebook may be one of the greatest movies created of all time & lt ; 3	neutral
pori donya is not a fan of yours , so live long . if you are a harai fan then he is only india or pakistan or peer aak or country . pori donya nahi Mari sister , you are like Kriti but not now . she is right you are salfish .	negative
garbage been . . u make aweome cartoons . . i always remember of my childhood days	positive
sir wherever you are going to roam , if you come and improve Odisha's electricity then something will happen . whatever you have said , it can never happen . improve electricity .	positive
brother has come jai jai bajrangbali	positive
awoke , look . his hand came out of the lader .	neutral
@ srkboo who-ever wins , atleast it should be an interesting match . # indvspak	neutral
@ someUSER i had okc im playin online . . . the nigga had da knicks . . i was bustin dey ass then the 4th come , raymond felton and jr smith	neutral
great modi ji	positive
Ha ha ha ha	positive
@ someUSER 2nd the ryan budget was from many years ago , most recent didn't include that and mitt's said many times he's the president and . .	neutral
Come my promise , friend .	negative
meaning ?	neutral
No , bro .	neutral
everything is alright	negative
you do human land , we will give money . " take this land . money ?" " money hoar government after returning to elections " # landacquisitionbill	positive
it's awesome faisal brother . . . <unk > got bored	positive
hey hey . . . . made it very nice del brother . . super ( e ) ( e )	positive
Whatever you want to add can't be done .	negative
@Dharkumarvishdhana the colour was disturbed due to your arrival and your पालda became heavy , ham is winning delhi sir and tomorrow this india too .	positive
Acha ji	negative
Bro , please speak . bro .	neutral
That means your menu chart must also include salt and water .	neutral
only animal eats food to mother ! # beefban # illgiveyoufreesteak # hindu # dharmakantamman	negative
you and sister ? ?	positive
@ someUSER @ someUSER - chaps , i'm still working on the pix from saturday v blaydon . should be uploaded later tonight - phil	neutral
@ someUSER but if he shaves again like at elimination chamber earlier , i may have to hit him !	negative
what is the matter brother	positive
' Namenya ' Apnya bar ? program apo toha ? pk movie maker toba toha ? rt @ barflux itu ada programnya riz , tan gaye seak dolu namenya apan :(	neutral
seven has 6 shows in top 15 , abc 2nd with 5 , nine third with 4 . ten and sbs rate 0 . http URL	neutral
mummy grihshobha i am going to have a bad style because of sweaters . . . . i need 2 spoons then 3 spoons opposite . . .	neutral
what rubbish brother . . . once what . . every time i get tears in my eyes .	positive
rt @ tusharg : so now can bars in mumbai serve beefeater gin ? # beefban	neutral
#122 fð king chose bloody IITK because I wanted this dept ... I should have taken IITB for a lesser dept , would have definitely had more fun in college life and much better job prospects .	negative
nice man	neutral
goodness pic brother you are very smart .. i am your biggest fan brother	positive
You are not a teacher right ?	neutral
i swear if tomorrow any niner fans start tweeting about kyle williams tomorrow , best city i'm going to put you on check .	negative
Bro , the matter with my dimples is different . Whenever I speak in the rain , there is mud in my mouth .	neutral
big fan of the holidays that just involve partying : st . patrick's , 4th of july , halloween , presidents day , etc .	positive
this is one of the best	positive
brother . . . we should be able to see Amit's dance :)	neutral
bring 7 or 8 in 2 minutes and then chalk fight starts when the teacher is teaching .	neutral
the monkeys of the street could not understand , when will hindus and goats become muslims ? # beefban	negative
on november 16 ; me , my mom and my sister are going to see " breaking dawn : part 2 " # judgeus	neutral
man of the millennium	positive
hahahariwal you will clean everyone with this boldness	positive
Did you reach ?	neutral
amazing friend . made me cry in one page . amazing nd hats off to your bajarivity .	positive
I understood . Tuan , why did you put this confession . You need more likes and comments . Now , you must have had some hunger . @	negative
meet me	neutral
sunday's at 5pm cst , tune in for " the sunday blues " on underground radio . an hour show with blues musical styles , http URL	neutral
In our time , it used to be a curse on the pickle .	negative
say hindi to him hi , it's a tag . . like this , the english of the guy will get worse : d	positive
@ Somusar me and joe gone chill saturday of i am less	neutral
& gt ;& gt ;& gt ;& gt ;& gt ;& last ; " we love you you " . 14 feb .. celebration & gt ;& gt ;& gt ;& gt ;& gt ;& gt ; # aapsweep	positive
published a new blog entry november 18 - " otherwise known as sheila the great " in art in the county . http URL	positive
@ puliarason whose livelihood ? this is attempt to liquidate lands acquired by loot in the name of infrastructure earlier . # landacquisitionbill	neutral
rt @ pankajsan001 : @ gurmeetramrahim papa have mercy on everyone # msgyouthicon	neutral
dude , you are like this . . :- D	negative
don't make raina like a goat .	negative
rt @ sunflowers : delhi there is a new sun coming in your courtyard . i have heard that the suit is going to be heavy . via fb .	neutral
Salman khan is not on Facebook . He said this in his interviw .	neutral
rt @ sonusachdeva07 : # msgyouthicon whatever movie came before today , it ruined all the youngsters , msg improved all the youngsters who were ruined	neutral
talk about the future . today we have a bad future .	negative
make fun of me once brother	neutral
Bro , I swear , when are you getting married . I will die , mother .	neutral
salman brother post the link of sooraj pancholi's offical fan page on your wall	neutral
sweetheart is our brother's pride	positive
Sir , how will I get a reply ?	neutral
rt @pallupovar : leather shoes have been sold in the loan budget and here and there beef ban . which poison does he get for these cheap s ...	neutral
buzzing for the game tomorrow , gong to be a great atmosphere and a possible upset is on the cards ! bring on aston villa ! # Satf	positive
brother your brother movi will also earn 200 cr	positive
i got dumped after 6 years . feel like shit . really on the verge of being suicidal . anyone got any suggestions ?	negative
Bro , it's raining day today . I'm in a mood to talk to everyone on twitter .	negative
@ someUSER oiler fans are unhappy with , 45 points each season , gagner as their 2nd line c . habs fans should hate 28 point eller as a 2c .	negative
Haan sister-in-law , you all tie up . These are awesome girls .	positive
never start working on your dreams and goals tomorrow . tomorrow never comes . if it means anything to you , act now ! # getafterit	positive
my sallu bro always mindblowing salute sallu brother	positive
Bro , hit me once . I will get an achievement of hitting you once .	positive
you are very active brother @ garbage bin	positive
grand salute to the men in blue !	positive
1 or 2 karik bajrangi bajrangi bajrangi bhajan pargya everyone's turn	neutral
fantastic guy .	positive
@ thevirdas you are a very bad actor # beefban	negative
son abd ! your pig is going to get time for ipal . # indvssa	neutral
salman i love you a lot i want to meet uh ... plzz meet me or chat with me plzzzz i love you mom	positive
good one , the creator of the game . . but i don't know english , i don't know the box . . . : p	negative
@ gurmeetramrahim # msgincinemas bless you father with such happiness .	neutral
kachua sir does he speak english	positive
@Somer dr mohamed morsi announced as egypt's 1st elected president after the glorious 25th of jan revolution . congratulations to # egypt	positive
ma'am used to always go to see girls for chalk excuses	positive
That's awesome . Don't leave it .	neutral
That bag has come to you ..	neutral
But I am confused ... then what did you do with the fake post ?	negative
# landacquisitionbill annaji , you are a workman , you understand what is being explained to you . i wish you understood things .	negative
you are idiot ... are ABVP people giving money to promote them .... and this page shud be renamed as DELHI UNIVERSITY ABVP CONFESSIONS ... going to unlike this page ...	negative
saale raina would have left it # indvsuae	negative
today's party will be on Salman brother's side	positive
@ someUSER yea i say , mid january for a new single . right in time for the superbowl & amp ; video at the end of january leading into superbowl	neutral
jain book depot : d : this child's yadevaan got refreshed . . . . the cute most memorable 90s :)	positive
chargers may go 8-8 but that will make playoffs in afc . nfc teams must win 10 games ! fact ! @ someUSER @ someUSER @ someUSER @someUSER	neutral
hey go	neutral
guddu will beat times of india from tomorrow	negative
greedi singh and salman khan i want to see a sixty	neutral
this is india boss	neutral
best of all , brother . you play with your goat , even if it takes 2-3 minutes . @ imraina # indvspak	positive
Did you see the new machine ?	neutral
in contra of ' s ' policy , i was mad , but the boy who took pride in ' la ' policy , he had no one to help him . awesome guy ( e )	positive
I am a lover of trance music .	neutral
where are you now	negative
with the recent # beefban , i'm sorry everyone working in a restaurant has stuffed themselves with all the good beef in the pantry : p # thanks	positive
my life which is less is always nice	positive
car race , yai yaar kungfu , contra , spec mario , karateka , and the best one ninja turtles . love those 64 bit games .	positive
friendship is that which sustains life . . . . Kiran today has defamed the word friendship . . . .	negative
what are you doing we don't even call you what is this	neutral
if i was 21 i'd be in a room with noel gallagher , shaun ryder , Bez etc but instead i'm in preston sat in kfc . brilliant .	negative
sophia grace and rosie : we know one of your songs ! ! the sun comes down @ someUSER http URL	positive
So take it	neutral
when ramdev was born , i also made this claim .	neutral
@ Somaujr c'mon cow fix this please , i don't want this to end up how diablo iii did .	negative
how are you salman brother	neutral
plzz i am waiting for your reply oh wait	positive
I will go to hostel in 2 minutes .	neutral
Then you can recharge any mobile number for free .	positive
dhoni has sixty fixers	negative
it's a shock on you , on your film and on your trailer .	negative
all media is sold	negative
@ gurmeetramrahim # msgincinemas i have taught you to make your heart beat .. i have taught you to walk on the path of righteousness	positive
share this plz	neutral
granted mast application h .	positive
~ best universities & amp ; colleges in the world ~ & gt ; http : t .coðfdefzz5c & lt ; # blockbustermsg	neutral
very good friend	positive
salman brother and sister are a lot of monkeys but i am just in love with you please reply me	positive
fantabulous ... we proud of you modi ji ... we can see our country's picture getting improved , change it to sablegon . india needs a prime minister like you .. there are some zamini schools in india where we need to pay attention ... hope that soon they will also improve .	positive
@ thyag 1994 @ ramana _ 95 listen to this song sananta from shamitabh . please come , i am sorry .	neutral
the name is of dry state .	neutral
put english newspaper :)	neutral
these 7 mins are not enough . you said come fast .	negative
while playing cards , you get law in life or in the same consciousness -_-	neutral
awesome .... agr if all nations become equal in this world then i won't cry anymore plz # Being _ Human	positive
)	neutral
I had vowed	neutral
allahallah bhai jaan	positive
Everything is dependent on how you write .	negative
Salman brother , no tansion . You are sixty . There is no difference between us . We have spoken against you .	positive
ohhh thatz bad .... god knows where our educated systm is goin ? # thisisnotacceptable	neutral
I have spoken on a new status ;)	neutral
cool movie bajrangi bhaijan osm lol	positive
tell me , remove the trouble . sixty girls from such girls should get treatment .	neutral
i'm simple and ordinary aadami who need's only stability	neutral
plz how awesome is pakistan	neutral
nothing	neutral
modi ji has confirmed his relationship between netaji and laluji ! rt @ ndtv : sp president mulayam singh yadav praises the # rail budget2015	positive
jaggi kudu's father	neutral
it is necessary to work before going to holidays # whereisrahul # rahulonleave	neutral
If not in delhi , then surely would have come	neutral
#50 I like this babe but she has a bf and I'm getting super friendzoned and I think it's worth it just to be closer to her (	negative
this guy will win , this guy will show something . great man	neutral
Bro , ruin the name of delhi people . You have written so much in english , gramatic mistks are enough . You have written On ma byk , Tuen in ma byk . Did you ever read your gf under the name of byk .	negative
exhausted but buzzing after day 1 of # yalta2012 . need sleep , vitali klitschko speaks tomorrow , might challenge him to an arm wrestle .	neutral
muslim brothers sisters plz unlike salman khan , curse him . salman khan is a hindu and he is a hindu . i respect him . curse god for him .	negative
@ Somusar i'll see you monday : 3 fancy coming to a nerd convention in dublin on the 10th ? ; d	positive
happy eid , salman sir . i pray to god that your movie becomes a big hit , like your last movis .	positive
Sallu brother , I have heard that you are right .	positive
it's monday morning and i woke listening to niggas in paris . oh man it's going to be a good day .	positive
modi it's 9 months since when will kajaan come now the people of delhi are making a fool out of you	negative
I am tired too much	neutral
wow mam tym pass	neutral
laugh out loud	positive
uae 34 # indvsuae @ icc why are you abusing your friends . be ashamed poor guy is not playing for the first time .	negative
desh will develop only on the world's technology level	positive
eat or drink	neutral
Salman and Hanuman are both my favourites in this movie . Hanuman sir , come on Salman . This movie will not be a hit , it will be a super hit .	positive
More than comment krne , it is fun to teach everyone .	positive
seems like a good showing by @ sureshpprabhu ! increases expectations from @ arunjaitley now ! # budget2015 # rail budget2015 # bjp	positive
big factor for bjp's defeat is anti bedi group with in the party . they'ven't supported her . it was totally negative voting in delhi # aapstorm	negative
sometime send your happiness	positive
look at the mat brothers and sisters , you won't be able to see	negative
i just need to chill . can't wait to unleash some aggression at black dahlia murder tomorrow . # gonnaendalife	negative
after seeing @ Somujar tweet about watching the vow , i think i may need to watch it .	positive
Very much , man .	neutral
laugh out loud really these chip games . . . oh my god how much is this backlog	negative
ad by india for defeating pakistan in all cricket world cup 2015 matches # pakistan # india # cwc15 # indvspak # pakvsind http : t .co jk1jzo8sto	neutral
brother what is this about beingBETTRY LOW while doing COMENTSS	neutral
another biggest lie : maggie ready in 2 minutes : p	negative
how ?	neutral
game matters , i am at the top . . . studying is fun	negative
so today's @ indianexpress front page got muted mid-sentence ? # rahulonleave " insider's say he's ... " http : t . co h7yuzcquos	neutral
Salman , please reply to me . Let's see if everyone agrees to it . But when will you agree to it .	neutral
our dhoni is the best captain brother	positive
the answer to this can only be given by centuries . . . bharva bhandi is called an English man .	neutral
guddu sit down till world cup final	neutral
Didn't it happen ?	positive
ðððððððððŸŸ come , mith is in life , where are you , brother Silk .	positive
@ pepsiindia @ imvkohli brilliant knock by this brilliant batsman # peptalk # cwc15 # indvspak	positive
Vishwanath is not from eng friend	neutral
it used to happen with collage . with tears . with understanding how much work jeans is .	positive
cheap politics for votes going on in up ....... no there r atleast 4 cm in up	neutral
# union budget2015 is it actually pro rich or is it genuinely pro india	positive
@ someUSER @ someUSER October people have principles . . & amp ; argue passionately for them , about them and act on them . ghandi , simplicity , adt , me !	positive
yeman hihun yaar	neutral
7 mnt or	neutral
who has the courage to not give salman to the world salman k fans salman k sixty	neutral
i can relate . parents never give a shit about what we go through . they are confused and frustrated right from the fucking day we were born .	negative
It will not be too tough .	neutral
bill murray : yeah , on monday i am off to meet infinity ward about the next game , modern warfare 4 , i am doing work on the sequel to mw3	neutral
Bro , tell me , Salman Khan . I have it with me . Please , please .	neutral
halv , bajrangi bhaijaan	positive
Acha Acha Mast	neutral
india can't progress without # landacquisitionbill	negative
# rahulonleave congress on self destruction path	negative
you have to share one sentence , it is the decision brother .	positive
Ha ha ha $ hi	neutral
a # rahulonleave is missing again the 1ly difference is this time it's in # news , who cares these days as he does anything by living around	negative
today , knowing about human psychology , if pak loses to ind , it is sad , if ind wins from # cwc15 mai , it is more sad . # indvssa	negative
Salmaaannnn please talk	neutral
england won the match	neutral
sa bowlers were talking to danwan kohli and रहाne in between overs . . . " brother , our hair is green , i am not pakistani in ham sachhi . . goad promis . . "	positive
man , i am a girl like this . this girl must have fake confession .	negative
Han Be	neutral
this match is like yours . . : p : p but my mother used to watch the match only . . we keep coming for exams . .	neutral
he had relieved on his twenty-five items from the bas tab	negative
four -- now three -- tweets away from 9000 . here's where i mention that i'm pouring wine for a friday night with diablo iii . # meta # classy	positive
what happened ?	negative
i swear 1 beer , just 1 beer .	neutral
anyway , i'll be looking the other way tonight . as you may have guessed , i'm going to a halloween party with joe paterno .	neutral
Hey father , I am here today .	negative
This is a government school , brother . This is the only work .	neutral
india vs pakistan match gives more fun than world cup final match	positive
leave the country , first change the media .	neutral
# msgincinemas hip hip hureee babu thanxx ..	neutral
refuse to admit that it's 3rd year . bring on my groundhog day	negative
brother has said that he is busy ... till 6 o'clock	neutral
Iove you , Salman brother .	positive
the question is not # whereisrahul , nor is it # rahulonleave ? the question is how did modi know a day in advance ? https : t . co iŸ5r0zmg	neutral
I am going to reach basin bridgeg	positive
salman khan said check it with your phone	positive
# rahulonleave this is not fair . y ppl always targets this innocent fellow . every one takes leave . y attacking on him is unnecessary . poor rahul	neutral
brother i hate you garbage bin u make me cry	negative
I agree with u lotus paddar .	positive
say de keep distance wid me nonsense guy who only shares his work	negative
with the wikileaks release yesterday , it's only going to help third party candidates make an impact in the election .	positive
you are muslim . you are the best of your own people . please make this fool out of us .	negative
anna hazare has the habit of roaming around in the news and ana likes roaming around on the camera .	positive
pay it quickly and collect it on 1st date .	neutral
Sir , I want to meet you once in life .	neutral
Nywys admin u r unlucky for congress .... you did promotion of nsui , the result is in front of you . still keep your promotion , 2014 i will have one better result in front of you .	neutral
this is an historical gag in this series . this signifies " guddu abbar has been banned " .	positive
salman is having so much problem he is also doing country's duty so why not ..	positive
garbage bin brother remember in south africans , in one ek tournament , you betrayed yourself , you got out of the tournament , you would have lost us and reached your final , but no , today's victory is his revenge .	negative
today devotees will be very happy	neutral
i didn't do anything for you in romurs brother life	positive
i'll take it friend	positive
Go quietly	neutral
hi	neutral
kutte , cooler fan and heater sv if you have done cmnt then i will touch your hands and get cmnt	neutral
# blockbustermsg @ gurmeetramrahim u hahaha hahahahahahahahahhhhhhŸŸaa guru pappppaaŸ jii http : t .co yvmb56gfw1	positive
my mom works with the mother of the girl that won homecoming queen at phs last friday and the company just sent out the sweetest email .	positive
i love you salman brother .. bajrangi bhaijan ....	positive
why did i take my life outside with crime petrol	neutral
now everyone can have idea about the upcoming # union budget2015 after # rail budget2015 # congratulations to # teammodi http : t . co 7mhamsmbox	positive
Tnx bro , you took my life .	neutral
Man is doing like a man does ...	neutral
it's radio 1 rocks next week starting off with a live lounge on @ someUSER show with bullet for my valentine on monday	neutral
loveu toooo ur vey handsam	positive
Take selfie with brother	neutral
niggas was really fighting at the gas station sat night	negative
rofl ! ! ! ! i cant stop laughing ! ! !	positive
maam , you are coming . salman :*:*	neutral
oh datz grt i was your fan miss #hiba ;)	neutral
guddu's condition is bad . . . . . . he will now have the same heat lamp mustard seed as i feel in delhi summer . . . . . . . : p : d	positive
ac milan reportedly want miralem pjanic to join the san siro in january # footballfanatic	neutral
bajrangi bhaijaan will do 300 this is my promise	positive
worlds longest confession . send it to guinneas book to cnfssion .	neutral
and whoever speaks silently hail god , he is the son of real himde ashu dog	negative
Mummy , this is how he will win the match .	negative
no vote for bjp pay 10 lakh rupees on your account and pay 15 lakh rupees on every waste account	negative
oh god , brother , he had got brkup . neither tuan proposed nor i killed him . no brother , first kill me with skul .	negative
@ gurmeetramrahim # msgincinemas ap ji's mercy papa ji ram ji you do wonders http : t .co 1xckwbdgsh	positive
hey nevada tweeps remember tomorrow is the last day for early voting ! ready , set and vote ! # justdoit !	neutral
i'm feeling very emotional # songlyrics http : t .co i5wvrpprp0 # momsmaggi # aapstorm # 2daystomsg # delhidecides	neutral
greetings brother	negative
Baba Ramdev is also against you after Chand Deno . . . . finally ?	negative
Acha Acha . . . Understood	positive
these five lips will not be of any use to you beef faal ! # beefban # lips	negative
The procession does not stop in the future and this guy is getting smaller and smaller	positive
eric arc elliott may be the best rapper in flatbush zombies .	positive
brothers and sisters . the ash from your hands will be useful tomorrow . # budget2015 # indvsuae eggs # ashwashnav # ashwashnav	neutral
i love you , sir . i am a very big fan of yours . sir . i am very proud of you . you will send me back msg . when i talk to you , i will see you acting .	positive
it's our 6th birthday ! reggie your the best partner ever ! we would like to thank all of our brides who . . . http URL	positive
Make us wait , come or say that we will talk tomorrow .	negative
Will he show the way to everyone ?	positive
someone like us we don't have any work with bajrangi	neutral
brother . . on the day of eid , father's scooter and mother's craft . . bas ban gya craft a	positive
these guys are asking you just as much as they want to	negative
Modi ji we are proud of you but country's development will be a tab when all indians will think like you	positive
this guy is aabmi or transister .	negative
haha ... i slept with peace having confidence that aap will sweep by the time i woke up ... i was bang on .... # delhidecides # kischidelli .59 seats	positive
very good anna	positive
Good morning	neutral
Sb ? Or now ?	neutral
hi salman i wnt your pic wid your autograph . i am your big fan . my qustn is what did you say that your wishes will be fulfilled day by day .	positive
everyone's sixty everyone's development Gud	positive
he had eaten sixty green chetin from samosa , nirmal baba ki grace is here ! : p	positive
@ someUSER & amp ; if the potus wins 2nd term isn't that nj government going to go back to bashing him when his state is in better shape (2	positive
If u r girl then its not true but if u r guy then yes u r only .	neutral
sadness ..	negative
today boarder should come on the star group and on the tricolor movie .	neutral
it's beef . if you ban chicken , we will ban you . # beefban	positive
where	positive
someone having stress of any kind convey me .. it will just a polite help for aggrieved .. its not a professional move , only help for mankind . thanks , keep smiling .	neutral
oooh datz grt i miss you only :)	positive
Mother , your movie will be a super duper flop . BhubaliROCXxx :)	negative
the dog that broke . . . stick . . . stick	neutral
those who remember understood ... defintly a good one . those who don't remember are good .	negative
salman brother , i have one brother . she .... lives...... in...... sirsi .. n...... akki .. akki .. big fan .. hai .. i don't know .. number .... pe .. that .... reply .. nhi .. karrangi .. n...... that...... me seriously .. lyk .. katri .. hai .. n...... i .... also .... aar .. my .. ये .. comment .. you .... तक .... poohche .. dean .. only ... you .... hi ... aar .. fb .. pe .... that .... told .. de .. help ... me .... i .... don't know .. i .. jo .. write .. patha .. ho ... that ... right .... hai .. or ... wrong .. but .... god ... swear ... from heart ... n .... honestly wrote .. patha ... ho .. aar ... you .... my .. help .... kar ... de .... de ... de	neutral
@ Somusar yus brother ! girls gone wild is hosting a party friday . Make sure you are in shape before bootcamp , otherwise it will suck .	neutral
but does anyone wanna go to boston with me tomorrow to see richie hawtin and loco dice perform ? # cntrltour	positive
prayer with amazing men of god this morning , grocery shopping , arrival of my [ 2nd ] pokemon shirt , and purchased big l's first album . # cool	positive
machine gun kelly concert on the 30th ! ! me & amp ; @ someUSER bout 2 shut this bitch down !	negative
@ sagarikaghose @ bdutt rahul Baba come back 2 old ladies missing you ! # rahulonleave # rahulgandhi	neutral
all lalu are same sir ji . . . . . . avian has such memories in his life	positive
only speaking in english at home wont do any good to guddu .	negative
salman brother don't worry . we will feed you isa in the next two years and you will forget that you breathe from where you are and breathe from where you are .	negative
they should make february 13th desperation day .	negative
rt @ lansmumbai : this guy is going to get arrested if he comes here ! # beefban # beefeater via @ granvilledsouza http : t . coŸkup3beyy	neutral
having family pictures done on saturday with my 4 favorite girls ! hannah , katie , shan and my tam ! can't wait ! life can't get any better !	positive
Brother , you are generous .	neutral
we village logs are also poisonous	neutral
dino's invitational dual meet tomorrow in calgary , then rocky mountain cup to follow . rip it up bears and pandas # bustamove	positive
asia stocks mostly up on us , china data : asian stock markets advanced friday as a batch of upbeat economic data from the u . s . and chi . . .	positive
It won't come , it won't beat .	negative
Rahul wants to live so , # Rahulonleave and hence Rahul Left ...!	negative
and girls college staff room . . teachers discussing tune saw that student's dress was small . . that lark didn't purse matching shoes .	neutral
@ someUSER @ someUSER i did , the other new is in today , northern lights . i get payed tomorrow !	neutral
this guy has a good path , let him shoot the next day . brother never did it and proudly passed matric .	positive
having to read charles dickens for homework may be the greatest thing ever	positive
sexo boys	neutral
everyone asca ah .... :)	positive
Mondayg deadlineg	neutral
balloon big harami :- P	negative
plan to meet ..	neutral
so sweet is that yr	positive
you will also go to college . but my family doesn't give me a place in college because i am a very lazy person . but if someone says something to you , you should give me a place in college or send me a msg . . you shouldn't go to college . please see it for yourself .	negative
Then I'll take the one with all the algo .	neutral
Will you send him or will you eat his fry ?	neutral
I had been a very father . . . once I went to this business center tub . . . . :-)	negative
bt laadkaian vanhan humasa is the failure of that school main .	negative
i would have written it in uriya . . i understood that it wasn't right but this also didn't come	negative
@ Somusar Aand i live in zachary , but i might try to stay with someone next friday .	neutral
brother , i am very proud of you . you are such a poet . love you brother .	positive
haha aires--argentina late wednesday approved a law to lower the legal voting age to 16 in a move that could . . . http URL	neutral
koang 0 bjp 1 single 2 ( laugh ) , you 67 . thes is abs jhodu's cleanup . # aapsweep	neutral
1 > Create a fake profile ( make it look like an old profile or if you already have one ... ) . 2 > Write " such " confessions . 3 > Know the admin	neutral
bride , haalam . brother . congratulations on ramzan . bajrangi bhaijan .	neutral
As usual	neutral
jet lie busted .. policy commission powers dampened reduced .. states rights on finance to continue as per 12th plan . # landacquisitionbill	neutral
@ someUSER oh , i goat ham . and i ate reggie's ham . and i ate brian's ham . tomorrow i'm getting more bc my dad said he's going to the store !	neutral
salman sir one reply to ha de de bhaijan	neutral
Some people like this very much .	neutral
we're playing with jim white on tuesday ! static on the radio for favor ? via @ someUSER @ someUSER @ someUSER # dcshows	neutral
going to see kendrick lamar with @ someUSER in jan : d	positive
going to try & amp ; watch act of valor for the 2nd time . the part i am feeling is pretty bad	negative
what kind of film is bajrangi bhaijaan ? why are people causing chaos ?	neutral
@ narendramodi _ 1 no sir the way politics of bjp is done in delhi won't happen	negative
bride	neutral
Modi said something , it should be true . . . . . . before any other politician says something good , then all the bedouins attack . . . .	negative
sallu brother greetings for my ramzan	neutral
Humbey oh what tab will you get a lot	positive
tomorrow haunted house with samðlyn marisela yesinea lalus and maybe walter and cati sale	neutral
Salman , my family is very nice . I don't like my bf . I don't want the respect of my parents .	neutral
when the backward is red , then the acting is also natural .	neutral
# fakefundrow you haah not even lalu government and scams and frauds have already started bosedk @ arvindkejriwal . hats off to arnab @ timesnow # aapsweep	neutral
I won't be able to cry this time .	negative
hey bajrangbali bas let's get a reply today ..	positive
Okay Mama	positive
it's enough to roam around . now the water is coming down from the head	negative
@ gurmeetramrahim # blockbustermsg no one is merciful like tumre , no one is like humre .	neutral
Yes , that's right .	neutral
those hindus who don't support modi from Gujarat and Dambo , are cursed for their birth . because of wool and buffalo , hindus species is going to get vilupt soon .	neutral
Modi has not done anything ... he is not mad .. in that 5 years he will roam around the world	negative
no dude	neutral
is likeing a post means accepting that your father made no assignments	neutral
Name big and Darshan small . # delhidecides	negative
Mumm , I am scared of hearing the call from you . Everyone says only one thing . wow , brother . I am proud of myself without shame and love you with my heart .	positive
It does not only matter that whch colg u hav been admitted to , it matters how much you score ... everywhere peepal insect on saying status status status .. bored of d fucking word status	neutral
@ abhishek4namo @ shirishkunder when # Nirvana's bat comes , # bollywood is banned and # beefban is banned shame	negative
we are laughing out loud in the centre for 9 months , why are you laughing out loud . you are a mad man , not a madman , you are a mad person .	positive
text from my dad : " you like charles dickens " 1) obvs looking at my amazon wish list ( too late for sunday ) 2) why th surprise ? !	positive
Modi ji grat	positive
PM Modi ji is a great development personality .	positive
your PA team's watch is probably bad ... it's 4 o'clock already ..	neutral
Come again .	neutral
till when will you waste time on # aapsweep kids , # worldcup2015 is on the top .	neutral
Finalg 1 will happen on 8	neutral
who has to take revenge by making fun of me	negative
are sale its a fix .	negative
# union budget 2015 reactions : bjp lauds ' historical ' budget , congress calls it ' jugglery of words ' http : t . co a0vjjb9ax2	neutral
we should have written something about unk , what will happen if we write abusive words .	neutral
can you get more canadian than @ someUSER 25th anniversary tour across canada in frigid january and february , including a stop in iqaluit ?	neutral
when did i get sleep	neutral
I will tell you all one thing .... plz talk with respect SB people	neutral
seems kajri has offered a pad .	negative
and this beech maharashtra ki cows supported # beefban by remembering their mother	neutral
Vasai beach	neutral
I can't wait for the heat game tomorrow ; heat vs knicks !	positive
yes actully its 4.06 ..	neutral
nothing like watching the vow on a friday night . cheers to cancelled plans and sickness	positive
I have a lot of work . I only want netpack .	neutral
He will give only $ from now .. and milenge continuously till 2-3 months to 10000	neutral
Ashok .	neutral
this time they crossed their expiry date .	negative
many rumours floating about that harry redknapp may be interested in the blackburn job ? what do you all think ?	positive
are vaat cro jari it's not a little bit like 4 o'clock you said 4 o'clock you came at 4 o'clock	positive
i also wanted chicken pox in the first sem , but then it became clear in the next sem . i am feeling very cold .	neutral
Hello , someone give me a frndship , someone give me a friendship . Don't worry .	positive
@ emp What u got man ....ð It is written by a girl and as u r not indian u may not know what is " score " :-)	negative
bajrangi bhaijaan will break all records salman brother	positive
# aapsweep . @ aamaadmiparty shares exclusive , behind the scenes pictures from the party hall . ( pics - @ twittermirror ) http : t . co q0Ÿqrtsdu	neutral
we are also there . i prayed to salman brother to get a victory at the border .	positive
my india is great , modi ji is a true human , the heart of des will give true identity . jai hind jai india	positive
# msgincinemas now the day will come when some people will say slogans to each other and then they will go to charity service . msg's magic will do all this .	neutral
Modi ji .. this is wrong that you have raised a stage worth 3 crore .. please think about it	positive
how's channel 4 celebrating its 30th anniversary ? is it pretending the first 20 years when it was any fucking good never happened ?	negative
# Sona is a good thing .	positive
@ gurmeetramrahim plz show mercy papa # msgincinemas	positive
i still have 2 video games or cassettes .	neutral
every student is a born artist .	neutral
spain summons argentine ambassador in oil dispute - spain warned argentina on friday it risks becoming an . . . http URL	negative
sir when will the sequel come sir after your name after wanted after dabang now bajrangi bhaijan	neutral
just awesome bonding windmills	positive
and the story continues ! @ icc # indvspak # wc15	neutral
@ gurmeetramrahim # blockbustermsg today's day will pass in memory of you . everyone will remember you . i will drink gud morning	neutral
they went to cremate us but they didn't have it , so they gave us seed . # aapsweep	neutral
till the final match we gave it out of the room	neutral
BJP will win	positive
Rat Rat , Acha cnfsr Guchch Na Kalte .. Forgive him and give hm a last chance .. Gaddi happens only with humans , - P	positive
my sister just sat up and asked where katie was going to sleep . she is a little too old for an imaginary friend , don't you think ?	neutral
rt @ aashish81us : anti-national logs are protesting against modi government's # landacquisitionbill http : t .co 8vxpoypghc	negative
salman brother i am satara for abi dabang 3 shuts , so next time fans	neutral
rt @ anuradhagarg17 : # msg3successfulweeks sadi life and you , always love you @ gurmeetramrahim	positive
It's too big .	positive
No . Please send whatsupp's photo .	neutral
ha ha ha ha ha , mario has lost the balloon on contra :- d	positive
Salman brother , now get married .	neutral
the man cast a long shadow . he will be missed .	neutral
rename it .. it's a game for Gk ..	positive
try speak to dean of students ' welfare ..! duSU office ! )	neutral
@ someUSER 1st its like imma play headlock , and then safe and sound , and now you are going to play all stars .	neutral
brother will you not give eid's guft	neutral
You are my brother . To you , you die .	positive
Im Rohit Vasfada	neutral
as if you would eat the people of darkness	negative
you got a lot of gifts right , brother ?	neutral
al pacino to play joe paterno in biopic . . this is going to be his 2nd film where he says " say hello to my little friend " - @ Somuzer	neutral
I love you Sallu	positive
real meaning of love is trust ... for a human we have to leave 100 people behind .. then we don't have to trust people	negative
we had to make everything in front of teachers . every sat supw . but we have learnt a lot from them .	positive
it's good that the mom didn't understand what the father said . . . because father does not have the means to eat . . . :)	negative
# beefban there should be ban on beef throughout the country .	negative
now in delhi , congress is not even capable of spreading padel # delhidecides # delhielections	negative
Now give back exam next year brother . Check your exam carefully .	negative
@ Apogendra Techbow . you are the best of the world . your prediction was the best :-) # aapstorm	positive
OK .	positive
Why are ppl so crazy overdu ... I knw thr's sumthing abt it .. Bt just dnt stay stuck on it .. Du is not of anyone .. Amity has maximum number of DUiites @ this point of tym .. My own class is a mini du	neutral
salman sir for u dabe me daba dabe me cake my beer salman sir come to sectoro	positive
sonal sibasish sekhar routray sidharth mohanty good master this is hilarious . . Mungirilal : P	positive
if there is a realg timeg projectg then it's better	neutral
Yes , right	positive
this is also my dream of meeting pm	neutral
Ha brother	positive
come brother what are you doing . salman come to other satuts and talk and go on Gaye at 4 : 00am	neutral
demon gaze , a next-gen dungeon rpg for the the playstation vita [ 1st trailer and screens ]: kadokawa games today . http URL	neutral
In this way we brought the whole box out of which 2 were given to the teacher and the rest was used to be used for war : D	neutral
Hello .	neutral
Brother , we have changed the milk from tin to water . I am very proud of you .	positive
Sir it's 4 . o6pm	neutral
when how much will you make us wait	negative
Salman khan , where are you ? Whatever movie you have on eid , it's okay . But whatever movie you have , it's okay . Name , it's okay . Send me a msg ok .	neutral
@ hdfclife # myteammypride # indvsuae today india will get another chance # gobleedblue	positive
Ma'am , which one did you bring ?	neutral
part of life , it is like story from home to home . don't be sad , make your own world and be happy in that . good night ma'am .	neutral
Akashhadg ag stringg ofg affairsg . Rohit beingg mochu blog is spreading .	neutral
wow . what to say !	positive
sixteen candles down the drain : sunday inspiration post ! http URL	positive
everyone's brother salmaan brother love you salmaan	positive
don't do such work in front of staff room dude	negative
I also installed new opera . I have opened it now .	neutral
salman , even your garu will not work , you are being fooled . watch it on eid day , you will watch green film . don't even watch musalman , he must be 50 years old .	negative
i wish kachua sir could understand the feelings .	neutral
brother this was an old gag . . . . but it was good	positive
supav's period was fun - all kv students know it , right kvians . head down and sit down .	positive
hello sister	neutral
@ iamavi _ i told you to watch the circle . # indvssa # cwc15	neutral
ufc on fuel tv 5 preliminary card preview : this saturday , the ufc once again comes to fuel tv . coming . http URL # ufc #mma	neutral
neighbour's uncle saw him removing the cap . . had given him cakes from his father . . . and when he came home , he gave us shamat . . . . . let us also improve the tab .	negative
who is related to honoursg	neutral
rt @ himanshuasolia : # delhidecides so d delhi is going wid d anarchists :-)	neutral
I don't want to take act tomorrow .	negative
friday - to jack in the box then party at her house . saturday - go to the park and live up the yolo life sahar . shande - watch movies c :	neutral
end paragraph is awesome bas doesn't take revenge from him	neutral
Something installed now	negative
in class 2 you come to 99% adhe class . you are not really a matcher	negative
Yes friend , sometime punishment was given by the permission of innocent friends .	neutral
january jones in jason wu : usually i adore january's red carpet looks but this isn't for me . nude with black mesh = meh http URL	negative
oh my god , where is this pic ?	neutral
similar incident happened to me in this valley . on sunday , after controlling in mcg for a long time , i went to toilet and went hi kohli out :(	negative
# aapsweep whoever has sixty wishes , will they get happiness . 100 incha's heart is not a rock .	positive
come mam . i also watch your dp everyday	positive
brother love uuu	positive
ac milan reportedly want miralem pjanic to join the san siro in january ( source : corriereŸ sport ) http URL # transfertalk	neutral
i never asked my parents to complete my homework .	neutral
capricorn rules the 10th zodiac house in sidereal astrology . practical . leaders . make things happen . managers . http URL	neutral
Lub ju bhai	positive
sexy	positive
Nice song today's patry is from my side	positive
nyxc trailer brother	positive
Anyways	neutral
That too	negative
salman till now i have been a very big fan of yours but not now .. because you have hurt muslim brothers a lot i hate you ..	negative
why didn't that girl ask for 2hr . she must have asked for a cucumber's bill . poor girl's leave was broken .	negative
buzzed that i'm going amsterdam on friday ! ajax tickets could do with turning up though # fuckyouviagogo	positive
umesh bowled faulkner .	positive
guddu has never played king of fighter	neutral
hello big brother	neutral
Bro , please come to punjab .	positive
take master's stick from the staff room and then eat with that stick 5 - 5 in both hands . missing those days .	negative
best kejriwal - bad kejriwal _ pakistani salman khan	positive
# msgmegamovie .. the anti evil movie # welovemsg # msgincinemas	neutral
It won't happen to me now	neutral
dont push it	neutral
So maybe mom eng	neutral
yooo . . nice modification admin . . . game of thrones is really awesome btw . . ! !	positive
mom : why are you listening to plies early sunday morning ? me : * blank stare * * pause * my strip club name is mr . will-throw-it * walks away *	neutral
Lol harmzadi , are you insulting muslims ? May Allah take care of you , my Lord .	negative
late night with jimmy fallon clips - maya rudolph , @ someUSER @ someUSER http URL @ someUSER @ someUSER	neutral
rt @ dhruv _ axom : we are roaming in darkness and these stumps are decorated with lights ~ a pakistani # indvspak	negative
people can show the whole world their dream to fulfill their dream	neutral
I'm saying super mind .	positive
dude , send monitor in school or chalk lane to the remaining one who would come in 2 minutes .	neutral
don't forget to go the cvs tomorrow and get the viagara . we both know you need all the encouragement you can get ! dreams and visions boo :(	neutral
Silver colour h	positive
i still remember . . . during sharjah matches . . . . the scene was use to be the same :) sachin till he has played हिलna mat	positive
Bro , tell something .	neutral
bajrangi bhaijaan is super hit because all muslim brothers will watch salman khan's film	positive
Go home	neutral
@ niveda _ 611 may be she didn't got pk movie tickets lolz hahahhahahaha	negative
you are on f since 1988 , i am on f in 2011 :)	neutral
who idiot told you this ... . let your fans wait karao2 patpad on my behalf , let bajrangi bhaijaan go , who gives him beer for free .	negative
@ gurmeetramrahim # blockbustermsg hip हिp hore...... we are a good jatege .... drink	positive
we supported aap	positive
i cnt wait moree plzzzz comee :(	neutral
c'mon c'mon does sound like queen's we will rock you somehow .	neutral
Nothing can happen until the public improves .	negative
@ someUSER @ someUSER i'm on the last 3 episodes for the 10th time . i still want to bootfuck phil and johnny sack every time they talk .	negative
ash wednesday lyric ~ she shouts to the east god you better have something better for me cause if this is it , well i want better than this .	positive
this admin is a mentaly chalenged guy . what did jayram ramesh eat or modi eat .	negative
muslims will be against him will he waste all his respect in this pic	negative
india has won the toss so yeah congrats fellow indians this will surely improve our gdp . # indvssa	positive
the people of the town robbed the house and the people of sonakhsi also robbed ranveer	neutral
woow one more wicket .. thank god .. : d # indvspak # cwc15	positive
May pm supar dupar namo namo	positive
@ someUSER i have a date with christian kane and the leverage team that i recorded tues , then the finder , sexy ! , have fun , night night xx	positive
It was awesome .	negative
beta staff room , please bring chalk , come and listen , bring wala weapon also , you have to tell Ghodo no . :)	positive
because after a while you catch yourself eating meatballs on a friday during lent , and you don't care .	negative
Projectg is related to honoursg	neutral
@ gurmeetramrahim # msgincinemas gud morning papa ji we all enjoyed watching your msg . i really loved you	positive
we all will eat chowmein :-) # beefban	neutral
did not reply to your tab	neutral
it is true that shaan even has gloves to play , he used to have anything to drink .	neutral
really touching and amazing . i remembered my childhood .	positive
I am missing my home and family :(	negative
what did you eat like this	neutral
There will be no problem at all .	neutral
gandhi gandhi after all is this gandhi the one who made a fool out of people and selling desh	negative
salute to modi's dedication	positive
the mom's expression in the second last illustration . . . wow ! super super stuff	positive
Come , say something before me .	negative
2nd coming : will blacks america debate the 2012 election # bet @somewer i'm tired of hearing ppl say potus haven't done anything 4 blks	negative
result is that i won the elections , which is so much voted	negative
your storty hurts me nd pls d'nt ever thnk 4 sucide	neutral
come your basic point is to give free wi-fi topuri delhi	positive
what's the matter	positive
# union budget2015 did you understand your jokes or not ?	neutral
hidden warp zones of mario : to skip level ! ! !	positive
lovely day in edmonton . game cancelled today . looking forward to tomoro . waap URL	positive
did not want to take tension # brother .	positive
listen to the girl and tell me what was the 3rd question .	negative
thanx dd i will watch it for a while	positive
i never get this task bcz central government school i was there lol	negative
here ! an article published in @thehindu , 14 years ago . please you retarded politicos , read : http : t . co b1ar4wy8jn # beefban	neutral
b , who noticeed ? guddu's sweater has a ' apple ' symbol on it .	positive
गुdu : seems like tortoise does not like the hair left by him . he will have to cut something .	negative
was it father's daemon or computer ?	positive
modi g we wish you a majority day , you wish us a good day , this won't work in delhi this time kejriwal	negative
people get true love after doing a lot of work	neutral
Last Replacement Please Please Please	neutral
jeroes  hahaha hahaha	neutral
see this . . i came as a woman	neutral
modi ji congratulated uddayogpathio for his patriotic devotees like tata and ambani	positive
Where did I go ?	neutral
Yeah bro . Don't lose hope . Believe that you can fall in love again and with a different person . Once you find love again , you will forget this girl	neutral
@ someUSER ahah he's a year older then me , the cool thin is that he's born on australia day and i'm born on the 4th of july i think	neutral
So should we accept that Gudu has risen above the primary classes now ?	neutral
efforts failed , can't find any friend for you .	negative
this time kejariwal # you	positive
Sahi h	negative
In my brother's group also , give me one buddy .	neutral
someone else might have failed in the interview ... someone else might have become intelignt and girl seperated ... . . bad wish ... . Guys hav sympathty for Admin D P	negative
wow modi everyone	positive
#173 To Binoy Dube , please stay away from MY Anurag ( Mundha ) . He is mine ! Don't you dare flirt around with him or stock him .	neutral
today's party is from salman	neutral
and after a lot of pressure from the audience , lamber sir comes again to the ground . . . . chomb chomb . . ! ! ! !	positive
knicktcher's shit . hahaha hahaha	neutral
Time math , change it brother .	neutral
the time for fast is also over	neutral
cut off with them . negative people will only see your negative traits . be with people who likes you and doesnt look down upon you !	positive
distribute all items once	neutral
amit shah : why are we lost worker : sir everyone has got votes # aapsweep	neutral
hi my cut monkey where are you what are you where are you miss you sleep miss you so much	positive
you are a fool . your movie will be flop . how many fans have you got .	negative
ok come in ... but where salman brother ... you are not joking	positive
rt @DalamaghkeHasha : this is another one ! tell me who will run for winning in this match ? # indvsuae #Gabbomaghke	neutral
aam aadmi full vote day	positive
where are you my dear friend	neutral
That would have been 2 minutes in the school .	positive
i liked a @ someUSER video http URL anonymous - remember , remember the 5th of november	positive
san antonio cyber : cyberspace the new battlefield in tehran's war - vancouver sun http URL	neutral
do you have any other job ? tomorrow is monday	neutral
rt @ insan1674044 : "# msgyouthicon @ gurmeetramrahim is the best part of my life . without him , i can't imagine where i'd be ."	positive
i'm hearing diamonds just entered the u . s top 5 and that rih is coming to snl the 10th , is this true ?	neutral
@ Somusar way to go . i dropped my ballot marked obama off on vedansde in colorado , gives you a good feeling . i hope Obama goes .	positive
Bro , have you come ?	neutral
guddu ended contra for the first time alone or sixty of the second player ?	neutral
rammy hindo salman . you are a disbeliever , you are mad .	negative
How are you ?	negative
salman brother i am a very big fan of yours i want to work with you in sixty	neutral
# nofucksgivinfebruary just don't give a shit about anything , this may pose a problem on valentines though	negative
best memory of my childhood , sega video game .	positive
Advance eid mubarak salman brother	positive
Sallu , I also want to know that you are wearing this red Pathan kurta very hard ... . for you , even if any girl dies , then it is enough .	positive
see the boy play the role of salim फेku . he will give qutubminar .	positive
but kejriwal will win definitely .	positive
everyone is at home right ?	neutral
Aar there were olympics and contra in that tab that was awesome	positive
rt @ jaiminn _ p : this is brilliant , 1 to go ! # indvsuae	positive
okay so today is tatum tuesday ! retweet if you like channing tatum !	positive
mind's work has to be hard .	negative
what are the classes hain ?	neutral
shaan is awesome .	positive
interview on vow fm tomorrow morning . . . do tune in and hear the kid out ! ! ! cc @ someUSER @ someUSER	neutral
hey everyone is mental .. ok keep going	neutral
oh brother	negative
it's not about what u say in your manifesto . . it's about stay in power after 49 days .	neutral
पुण्य Prason Vajpayee is enjoying bjp by his show , headline " revolutionary ! very revolutionary " # delhidecides	neutral
http URL visit to # iran by five euro mps was called off sat after tehran refused to let them meet with a jailed activist	negative
this ...	neutral
rt @ pray _ aag : this is also the matter of the table , ashutosh and kumar vishwas are still beaten up ! # delhidecides @ thaganta @ fido __	negative
true lovers of yours , brother .	positive
don't worry , don't worry , don't worry , just wake up once .	neutral
match's pair won't shake even with a single hit	negative
I am very tired .	neutral
power of l ? i thought power of s was best : p	negative
these devotees are not the ones who run away . they are the son of a devil .	negative
dear garbage bin ( Fasal Aka Guddu ) visited yourstall today at book fair ! ! merchandise is quite good . . . . grabbed two tees from those ! ! ! laughing out loud . . . : p : d	positive
the dance parties at the boys and girls club are the closest i've been to clubbing . and some of the 4th grade girls can dance better than me	positive
[ Admin Note ] In a plane on the way to Bombay after a few years ! I'm going to be walking around aimlessly sometime in the next couple of days ;)	neutral
rt @ usharani0855 : be a part of humanity work and spread love among all is what makes # msg3successfulweeks	positive
दुर्darshan wow wow	positive
i am very excited .	neutral
devotees are saying that if railway fare is a hindrance then modi ji will have facility like airport at railway station	negative
i can totally relate	neutral
Lettr will go on . n dn u have to cm to univrsty . but the rest of the people are too cncl . may b ... may u become umc in that .	neutral
come brother nokia's wireless charging fan . let's get rid of this problem	negative
what will happen at 3.30	neutral
media didn't tell that display	negative
the number of times the devotees have not been beaten up on the kashmir border , the number of times the government of upa has not been shot down in 10 years , that's more in modi's reign , what did modi uproot	negative
but this shout was a source of happiness for us .	positive
paper finished , cma's over , blake and miranda dominated , accounting hw got pushed to vedansde . going to bed happy :)	positive
Now I have come with a handkerchief .	neutral
has # union budget2015 met # realestate market expectations ? @ shishir _ baijal shares his thoughts on # budget2015 . http : t . co m0r8ayeenl7p	neutral
it's a partition brother	positive
why do you want to write " rip english " to logan . one word mistyp . you should write " rip english " . you are shakspere's son .	neutral
@ Ballichori : write a treatise on every cow # beefban	neutral
Yes sir , come on .	neutral
oh give me one more andorid	neutral
ohoh lecture has come . . ;) the day when our sister will get freedom , on that day someone will meet us . . mr . lecturer . . . huh :	positive
Train is at 4 30	neutral
that sb is cool . . . . why is this btao's match like that of cherapuji ruined ?	negative
That is your manifesto .	neutral
once i got tears in my eyes too , wow : d : d	positive
as a congressmen if you laugh at the potshots taken at us , you are a traitor & amp ; if you don't you have hoods on # delhidecides	negative
Gudu ka multi- talent tv ka ka saty-sight book pad ra hai . .	positive
super duper like . this is how everything works :)	positive
shaan and amit didn't meet and that's why they got lost	negative
my thursday nights aren't the same with waterloo road to look forward to .	neutral
little more time , we have won delhidecides # delhidecides	neutral
you did not give a wrong answer , you won't be right , you won't be hi . brother you are waiting for sadi for the whole world . when are you giving super duper news ?	positive
Tutu ... MIT is the top educational institute of the world ... . make a breeze and nothing else , , 3	neutral
Great prime minister modi ji jai hind	positive
because it reduces the probability of getting a girl . which in turn reduces the probability of our precious money being wasted on these girl which should be invested in alcohol .	negative
i don't know the key to Chitra , but in my school , many children have passed because of the mercy of Nanda Lal Dayar Ram's keys .	positive
sir , Middel class's etani postion that we can bat with you .. driect ... salman khan sir .	neutral
# landacquisitionbill # landordinance seperating fact from fiction 2 @ upma23 @ dograpradhan @ r _ ve _ ng _ er @ deshgujarat http : t .co pi1cgqtgmx	neutral
what is your plan for tomorrow ?	neutral
Have you seen pics like this to kill all the animals	neutral
preseason ! basketball ! # kubball mt @ someUSER coleainkatch will start in place of kendrick perkins against the rockets tomorrow night .	positive
rt @ chiraginsan77 : @ gurmeetramrahim # msgyouthicon take your name this world is going on , what would happen to this world	positive
pta nhi . . . . . now which happiness will you get , every turn you say that you will get double happiness but can't get it ?	negative
I am happy with my heart	positive
bollywood love bollywood fitness pleyar bollywood king bollywood god	positive
aap leader manish sisodia thanks delhi voters , conducts a road show in khichripur # aapstorm	neutral
will you talk to me in comments ..	neutral
@ Somusar i'm amazed you keep coming up with new names for the league . may want to consider formatting phil's gotw though .	neutral
wee belive u salman	positive
one bottle old mong peak you will open your knees	neutral
ha ha ha ha this is also not possible friend . . . students have written things related to result	positive
Salu , it's a phone number question , sir .	neutral
everyone wants us to die and you are doing the same thing	neutral
mtlb black bird black beauty	positive
come sir . . . . what is this ? we don't want to be like this . . . . :- d . . .	positive
I broke my promise once from the staff room carrying chalk .	neutral
now you are in the middle of a canopy	negative
everyone else's dad will take this wali cassette hi	neutral
you are a looser . you won't be able to buy sucide .	positive
Bro , I gave you 4 too much . There was only one match worth playing .	negative
why is the girl commenting today ?	neutral
Do not worry about your manifesto .	negative
bajrangi bhaijan is awsome	positive
uncle nmstei	negative
So true 4's 4000 would have been made	positive
Every year go to the fair in eid with lots of smoke	positive
for the first time boys will top with girls : d	positive
gavaskar is so unlucky that even a uae player named " rohan " is not being abl to b there for 4 few minutes . # indvsuae	negative
see the frame , i am going to play cricket in bunk , dude .	negative
4 more days to go and we're off to the @ someUSER london conference on saturday - we're excited to network with other youth councils again !	positive
learn from guddu how hard it is for me to take chalk . he is a hard working boy ;-)	positive
@ someUSER i preordered it on thursday friday at midnight the night it came able to pre-order , love you and frankie . x http URL	positive
a mother always knows if we are wearing a sweater jacket or not . even if we are wearing a liar bag on the phone , still they go to a beaten bag to see that we are not wearing it . wow	positive
handsome sallu <3	positive
it's right friend . nobody takes a lashes until they are with them . but i can say that we have learnt something from the 16th dec vale incident mera full group bhole we all carry cutters and chilli sprays's with us .	neutral
You guys didn't hear the whole story . Dosa actually deposited 250 bucks fine and kept 750 to himself . Talk about profit sharing .	neutral
don't commit idiotic acts . . i had decided to commit suicide 8 months ago . . i was about to jump from the garden metro station . . boss came in front of me with the face of my parents , who had one son back . . boss again i am very happy , . . and now i love a girl a lot and that's my dear mother .. . your story is the same . . my breakup with my gf happened like this only .	positive
nba news : the new york knicks will take on the miami heat at msg on saturday ( australian time ) in their season . http URL	neutral
vaat tahir and waheed batting .. they are the pakistani no 9 and 10 batsmen right ? # indvssa	neutral
call sehwag de india # indvspak	neutral
@ someUSER @ someUSER preview of the nfc championship game sunday ? ! i'm feeling an offensive shootout hahaha # vikes # cards # gameoftheweek	neutral
don't play with the winans ! ! !	negative
" We also need a tougher law against false rape cases against a woman "	negative
we made handmade flags on 26 jan . . . sixty of bade enthusiasm . . . then in that handfan wala sticked it with favical and kept moving around	neutral
Ashisha eng	neutral
jasmine curtis-smith is nominated as best new female tv personality ( for nandito ko ) in the 26th pmpc star awards for tv . yay ! :)	positive
why does guddu's tie change ?	neutral
this fat kejriwal is your partner	negative
He told on tweet only	neutral
lucas scott , c'mon ! why'd you die your hair ! ?	neutral
is bar beef out # beefban	neutral
say name to sister , brother to sister	negative
" eli manning hopes the giants can uplift the spirits of the millions affected by sandy in ny with their game against the steelers on sunday "	neutral
i used to eat chalk	neutral
kejari is the most stupid person of india . asshole and liar are the suitable labels for kejari .	negative
section b i have selected and the harami is full : d	negative
happy eid , brother .	positive
<3 iloveee yooou	positive
@ Somusar grow it out . ewan to see a part in the middle and bali beads either side before the 31st of fan .	neutral
What a problem	negative
team india will lose	negative
Brother , greetings . You have time .	neutral
I will land on 9th	neutral
wide ball mark ki jg pe brick :) : d	neutral
I will lose that	neutral
@ garuna73 @ yesiamsaffron @ krishANJUia i don't need to learn dharma from pk i like it very well & amp ; with logic pk movie is not against hindu gods	neutral
just deleted 100 pictures from my phone , realized i look hideous in most , diet starts tomorrow . # goodnight	neutral
saale get a life . Jerk ! breakup on such a small thing ? didn't he get mad before making a girl friend ? got blind ? Guys like you are after " Inky pinky " girls ! bimbos	negative
sir , if you give delhi the status of whole state , will you take your blessings to delhi ?	neutral
@ shajiyalmi thax , it won't happen without you ! # aapsweep # aapstorm	positive
@ sumona24 who will decide priority you , film fraternity or government ? government is doing their job . stop sulking # beefban	neutral
why don't you vote kohli this time . what do you do . go to sleep .	neutral
have done this work a lot .	neutral
@ google thanks for the # indvspak doodle ! game is evenly poised as of now ! # wc2015 http : t . co jh4fvy8vox	neutral
as reported jason varitek is close to taking job with # redsox , may be special assistant to gm ben cherington . # redsoxnation	neutral
will work on issues affecting common man such as cleanliness etc : # sureshprabhu # rail budget2015	neutral
They are talking on live india	neutral
tomorrow at # wingsday catch the playoff game with knicks vs heat @ someUSER on the sounds . reserve your table now 214-444-9161 ! ! !	neutral
fun friday : a long procession of elementary school children march along the ring road in iqaluit at around 3:15 . http URL	neutral
guddu , you rock .	positive
allahabad	negative
maam	neutral
instead of banning beef fully allow them to be sold in separate rooms in supermarkets similar to the manner pork is sold in uae . # beefban	neutral
Rock there is no one like Salman bhaijan	positive
come now brother . plz come	neutral
#284 : do you have the mobile number of any girl , i am looking to make friends only . i will not share my name .	neutral
no problem , what food should we eat after meeting you , ignore it .	negative
puncher brother got entry in world cup gag at the end ;)	positive
come check out the montanari bros east coast cup october 20th in new haven ct ! i will be there ! i have some http URL	neutral
n vow is likely to return from a midsummer break in the prix de royallieu at longchamp on saturday . : trainer wil . . . http URL	neutral
what have you eaten , food of tune	neutral
@ incindia when # vadra is going return the land of farmers ? # landacquisitionbill # landgrabordinance	neutral
bkwass casette	negative
Oh wow yrr	positive
okkk	neutral
july 8th . it's goin down at dar constitution hall . i'm going to make this last part rhyme . mb y'all ! ! ! ! !	neutral
see kiran , what was said about kumar was nothing , write narendra Ratha , Election Commission also arrived , as if they could not get out of their house , and sati savitri banned . who said cm , police could not get it again .	negative
Bande mataramji hindbharat mata ki jaand indai is greati love my india ; ->	positive
Only one person has spoken about BJP .	positive
hello brother ..	neutral
correctly said brother	positive
afridi is getting out of life since last 10-12 years , today also he is out # October # cantbeatindia # indvspak	negative
Yes	negative
i want to drink cold drink .	positive
guddu brother has become real nowadays	negative
@ indianexpress daddy refrigerator tod do # beefban	neutral
You ?	neutral
kaushal : d hahah see this one brother ultimate h	positive
you guys created a character " guddu " and we all love him and his family .	positive
how will i get mad that you have come	neutral
That's it ! 6-0 well done teamindia and @ imvkohli # indvspak # bleedblue	positive
west ham have scored eight times in andy carroll's three starts . he may not be scoring yet , but he's making it easier for others to score .	positive
I will send it	negative
with all benson's attention , frankie feels like a forgotten stepchild . lets ' founding father ' him so he know we will never forget 2nd place .	negative
sat here watching celebrity juice again 3rd time today with my mum .	neutral
@ gurmeetramrahim when will paap watch your movie with your father . i am scared to watch your movie . # msgincinemas	positive
family makes fun always . but we get beaten up when we grow up	positive
thanks garbage bin ! this is awesome ! look at guddu's face light up with happiness ! and mummy's too :) i got tensed , that is different !	positive
join indian social site http URL	neutral
Ram Ram	positive
Ig 10	neutral
no one will die now b . ed are roaming on 2 lakh roads	negative
laugh this is so embarrassing . this is what you get for having raga 2.0 as your cm candidate . # aapsweep	negative
what's the matter brother	neutral
hahahaha guddu is busy hiding his belongings ;)	positive
syrian delegation withdrew from 1st session of the non-aligned movement summit in iran as mohamed morsi addressed # syria crisis	negative
lovely memories with mom comes alive	positive
Your post and Madhu Bhandarkar's movies are the same . A good one but no one will apprehend .	neutral
sometimes look at the backrest on the scooter , i swear joyride will come more than unk	positive
if you find any problem in evm all that you need is to complain it to presiding officer who will inform it to zonal magistrate , and in no time the defected evm would be replaced by a new one .	positive
decision . . . . . smelly packets are made , not laddu . . . ieeeeee . . . ! ! ! !	negative
Come , have you seen this boy ? Is he a brother ?	neutral
after hearing auto rikshaw owner's daughter i remembered ca ki 1st rank holder :'( she was auto owner's daughter	positive
life life's sacrifice is not a work jai hind	neutral
# pakistan's remaining coffins will burst today # indvssa # chance # little chance	negative
salman bhai jai ho	positive
sir can i go again for reconnection ?	neutral
no matter if anyone forgets that we are the most common but the most khaas # union budget2015	positive
All the best	positive
actually all those are mere excuses . . . no one dumps anyone unless they've already found someone better . she's just trying to hide the fact that she was double-timing on u . . understood bitwa ? catch another . .	negative
pyramid on its head :-) in reactions to # union budget2015 ;) hahahahaha	positive
Bhaak Chutia Sala Bhosadi ka Shar nahit No problem what are you doing	negative
Very true . I talk to my dad , boss .	neutral
@ aamaadmiparty # aaptards do not want power problem go away . that is the reason they oppose # landacquisitionbill	negative
Bhai we completely trust you and we are sorry you will do something wrong	positive
@ compareraja it's looking tuff # indvssa # cricketcompare	neutral
Send	neutral
i'm pretty sure bill o'brien has gone for it on 4th down more in one season than paterno did his entire career .	neutral
# delhidecides to say " hair " instead of " here "	neutral
what do you mean by that brother	neutral
Registrationg formg	neutral
stupid boy	positive
david guetta's playing with alesso at fort canning 8th oct . only want to hear alesso leh .	negative
@ someUSER would you be up for full day of movies at mine on thursday ? : p so far laluan and the notebook is on the list xd	positive
people , if you talk to me like this much , then my life will go away . when you talk to me like this , just talk to me quietly . peace , peace . shut your eyes . don't type any commnt . concentrate on your brother .	neutral
please listen	neutral
dnt compromise your career for dude so called gf . . . coz if you don't make anything tomorrow , then i'm not going to call you . . . so go to sleep nd stdy pe dhyn lga . . . i'm bad at dhyn lga skta h . . . . b practicle yr . . .	positive
@ arvindkejriwal someone like you came to my karnataka , hail you # aapsweep # aapstorm	neutral
har har lalu	positive
mom is mother :) please remind me .	positive
@ sambitswar ab we will support bjp ... we will support aap @ aapsweep	neutral
pakistan can wait more more and more . . . finally pakistan is number 1 in visating	neutral
@ adagio _ aria how he can , the overall score is just 102 # indvsuae	neutral
we are creative actor boss . .	positive
I saw it in the dp  hahaha haha .	positive
we will have to come at night that	neutral
wednesday and thursdays will be a struggle at work once the champions league resumes	neutral
Congrats Modi ji	positive
forget the dream	negative
Prime Minister , I am proud that on the day when all the politicians of the country stop eating subsidy , I will return my share of subsidy .	neutral
this ! power hungry opportunist kiran bedi lost # delhidecides	negative
with # congress is at lowest ebb , their leader # rahulonleave during # budget2015 session . # whereisrahul # whereisrahulgandhi # rahulgandhi	neutral
sophia grace and rosie look back at highlights from their long singing career ( it's their first anniversary on . . . http URL	positive
at the time of bajrangbali , kavi doesn't speak jhut , how did you say it ?	negative
Bro , have you eaten ?	neutral
hackers have already defeated windows 8 , and readwrite mobile ranked it 5th in interface design , behind ios and android .	negative
when there is a will , there is a way ( y )	positive
hey is this really salman's id	neutral
red delays new price anouncement till tomorrow 6pm . sounds like they want to dig for sony prices some more .	neutral
Aat semifinal hakal . . . post something on top of that	neutral
he wants to talk in english . . . you reply to him in hindi always . . slowly he will get accustomed to talking in hindi .	neutral
No dude	negative
distribute it to my mother , you will get even 1000 rupees for 20 rupees	positive
hail koty say hail	positive
the people who take our country forward , create enthusiasm in people , god will always keep Narendra Modi happy .	positive
Happyg holi brother	neutral
this is the example of these people in the world .	positive
lol how ?	negative
1 no brother	positive
happy on guddu's face . . . when sir asked him to bring on chalk . . epic : d : d	positive
Modi ji black money was going to come in 100 days ?	neutral
i would have only watched television , i would have only a sacred bond on us .	positive
@ Somusar that sucks , amazon might have some left . . hate that i won't have it until 11am on Tusday though	negative
dude , disbeliever , i will watch how your movie hits .	negative
चालo कम se km now to पाक ke pataka ke use ho gae hoंज ; -)	negative
i wish god gave them the society who misunderstand religion and marry four sisters and take pride in women's honour	positive
sir ji lotus cardi in your side too .	positive
you also didn't give me with you so my mother got wrong cograss	neutral
only monkeys like you go to the toilet and write i love you .	negative
apple shakeup mobile software boss eased out : apple inc . seo tim cook on monday pushed out the powerful head of the company & amp ;# 039 ; s mo . . .	neutral
Bro , please buy 1 batch .	neutral
I am at 4 at 30	neutral
on the plus side @ someUSER have a gig on saturday night at the lexington - come along :)	positive
what will happen by making temples ... we need more support to unki families i think we will get beaten up . salute our army jai hind .	positive
Baba , it seems like boss's wishes will be fulfilled .	neutral
pm campaigning against aap chief acknowledged ak ' s power . # aapsweep	neutral
thursday nights just wont be the same without waterloo road	neutral
see	negative
Just like that .	neutral
@ gurmeetramrahim # blockbustermsg ji i drank ji i watched your movie 4 times it was really good <unk > come on i swear bad	positive
the boys will do promo in sweden today ( november 2nd ) and they will perform on sweden xf tonight , live stream here http URL	neutral
land conservation announcement monday : gow . mitch daniels and lt . gov . becky skillman will make a lan . http URL # nashville	neutral
after seeing a stick in the hand of the police and the master , actor , surgeon , lawyer everything goes away .	positive
akshay khan could've covered it by using new micromax canvas doodle phone in the new pk movie poster	neutral
they can drink cow's piss that is worship of god but they can not eat beef # beefban	negative
they are good frnds , right ? if they are like you , then you should have told them your name .	negative
That's why your msg is not working right now :(	positive
# rail budget2015 @ abpnewstv i have understood what presstitutes are for you . come on day by day @ news24tvchannel haap of joy .	negative
brother we will wait for you no matter how long	neutral
Bro , please reply to everyone . Bro , please reply to me .	positive
changed : # aap , ajesh yadav winner ; runner up devender yadav , inc with 35376 margin . # aapsweep http : t . co yvea3tcgkm http : t . co rteiaoe6m6	neutral
light is spoiled :) welcome to india :3	negative
we are natural acting people . no one guesses even ;) : p	positive
this is a scam . . . i wonder , why should i check on this site sometime ? : d	negative
oh my god , your mother's chodu replay .	neutral
codebase .. what should we do to improve .. how to improve this everything	neutral
contra my faveit childhood days	positive
salman brother hail	positive
sir inshalllla may i meet you once . sir please meet me .	neutral
when another team plays wicket then i put it on another channel and the wicket dropped	positive
How is your life going ?	neutral
drama king gurdu : d : p	positive
Mungirilal's beautiful dreams . . you made us live , brother . .	positive
Will someone tell me how to look at the return of the racheking ?	neutral
hindu boy pa . . <3 . . muslim girl pa . . caste system ( . . bad conscience	neutral
The stages of the sपार्टn were also very tough .	negative
pass	negative
from now on such posts will be placed in a + category . . . . . ;) = d : p	neutral
greetings . pk movie song . aamir khan , sanjay dutt . full song . by pk aamir khan official on # soundcloud ? https : t .co krsazfquhc	neutral
wow my last rt . it's only been 4 years since verm's arrival . he's now captain and will make his 100th start for afc on sat . time flies .	positive
oh brother	negative
Yes sir , we are proud of that day .	neutral
a march 2012 study frm harvard found : eating 1 serving (3 oz .) on day of red meat is associated with 13 percent higher risk of death . # beefban	neutral
meri casset you gave me more than this :)	neutral
man , prime minister modi ji , i have an appeal to you . make telex system law a simple law .	positive
Hi , I want to win 2nd frndship .	neutral
bajrangi bhaijan 4:30 when will you come . brother , it's my birthday . tomorrow's party from my side .	positive
this idea is also good for relaxing my heart .	neutral
I have no respect	negative
# railbudget2015 making breadwinner of rly , freight a competitive mat # haprabhu son : woow woow woow woow woow http : t . co s3aq7pv2pr	negative
take me crazy	negative
What are you ?	negative
i might go to pierce the veil at northern lights ( sold out ) in albany , ny - oct 31	neutral
mirror mirror's spelling is wrong - in hindi	negative
Samir Shaikh maybe brother had fun :- D	neutral
today all news channels will talk on wale # rail budget2015 . and forget the rail once again .	negative
come modi ji if he had become pm 10 years ago then he would have been 20 years ahead today	positive
free free . those who hope to get everything free , beggar-minded , vote for Khujliwal only	negative
Ima gate it tomorrow .	positive
Hi sir , I am your big fan .	positive
hey . i am your big fan . i am your photograph , your autograph . mera qustn what is the secret to your beauty	positive
polio wala foot , how will you use it for peace ..	neutral
this school is imaginary . . . there is no relation with lalu vastvikta	neutral
HAT BC don't hit this peppu . now you won't have to take my medicine again .	neutral
Bro , I am waiting for you on l9 . Please come .	neutral
I want to take	negative
I am coming , brother . Please come one day .	negative
rt @ sonamandeep : @ gurmeetramrahim there isgreat revolution in the history of the world becoz # msg3successfulweeks	positive
Sallu brother come now .	neutral
since maharashtra government's # beefban has caused worldwide outrage , here's an old but relevant article on the issue - http : t . co vsppkvh2h7	neutral
brother i need some work please come for my work	neutral
To protect the country , educated personality should be there , not illiterate . Rather than discussing relations with foreign countries when president came , he was trying to impress Mr. Obama with his clothes .	negative
dog , wake up .	neutral
very long ago that day	neutral
come out of work every time you are working	negative
salman did not cmnt a single fake , i am sure brother	neutral
Nice pic salman brother you have made everyone crazy	positive
luncher sir , why don't you go to school ?	neutral
what is your stature , twenty-one who insults muslims .	negative
my father had installed a special seat in front of me . he used to race scooter with his bat .	positive
congratulations delhi for chosing @ arvindkejriwal as your valentine cm # aapstorm sweeps # feb10witharnab @ timesnow	neutral
shan seems like an imaginary friend guddu kii ma'am , why didn't you give me any notice	negative
it has come in front of Anna's ghinona face . . he wants to be highlighted . kejri is the product of his movement . # dramaparty	negative
eid 2015 we are sixty-seven bajrangi bhaijan .	positive
@ Somusar next thursday or friday they play maryland in new york for the first real game	neutral
victory is sure now # indvspak	positive
sallu brother . eid's party alone . you forgot me .	neutral
guys you guys make fun of him , make me laugh a little	positive
Salman khan on instagram	neutral
i am so lazy in smjha hotel	neutral
yes yes yes you guys are right	positive
playstation vita ordered . i should have it on tuesday and then lbpv di tuesday after that . :)	neutral
lots of fun this weekend . we're at the mardis gras casino friday night from 8 to midnight . then on sunday . http URL	positive
video of the 1st points for anthony davis , lin , harden , rivers , drummond , harrison barnes and jrich on their new teams http URL	neutral
piss easy job analysing on motd2 . they just repeat what gary neville says on super sunday .	positive
best gate it from him whenever he comes .	neutral
@ gurmeetramrahim # msgincinemas blessings to you satguru , i drink from your side . congratulations to you and to all my family , bhut2 mubarak .	neutral
in 2014 we have to take revenge from congress , we are with Sikhs	negative
okay	negative
oh brother ? ?	neutral
this is something called log . . . for us to 11th and 12th these are games period	neutral
i did not believe in falling after ' loafer ' . this became something more rubbish English	negative
talk	negative
salman brother i am a very big fan of yours	positive
this made my day - what a start to the week ! the above statement is as good as any sir ravinder jadeja joke !	positive
brother :(	positive
come brother , tell me like your father , tell me what you want .	negative
I have done it	positive
repentance , acme right , don't take the exm of Jan Keto in the worldcup :	negative
Modi will not be able to do anything with words . now there is time to do something .	positive
@ micromax _ mobile 75% dot balls .. that itself is awesomesque already : d # micromaxchalechalo # indvspak	positive
you are a very good human , hindu or musalman , india or pakistan . why are people so sad , no one wants to realize this one day .	neutral
I don't know , but my heart's prayers are for you .	positive
# cwc15 # indvsuae # wontgiveitback # bleedblue winning by 10 wickets in less than 10 overs must be the next target for # meninblue	positive
Study is the only thing left	neutral
Hey , will I meet you ?	neutral
@ someUSER you sure it was quo ? they were the first act on , queen weren't 2nd i'm sure of it	neutral
hey hey ... john cena's sticker ... really reminded me of my childhood	positive
sir its the effect of your movies	neutral
@ someUSER @ someUSER @ someUSER @ someUSER @someUSER @someUSER @someUSER go boro ! may the force be with you from the 1st second to the last !	positive
you all are garbage bin	positive
he made us lose the match in order to scare dhoni	negative
hm lol	neutral
cbse never delays marksheets you pervert ! ! must be your school fault .	neutral
where are you brother ?	negative
In 2003 , Kamano also burnt icse's math paper next day of the indies match .	negative
Hello are you happy ?	neutral
count day tomorrow shouldnt even go ! winans isक्रेji -_-	negative
Salman sir , where are you ? Are you going to talk to us ?	neutral
# rahul gandhi must have gone to his naani's place . # rahulonleave	neutral
And shift weight first march past practice	neutral
rt @ vmlsanna9 : 67% more funds allotted for passenger amenities - union railway minister shri @ sureshpprabhu # rail budget2015 http : t .co z0 ...	neutral
before fielding bedi , bjp should have known that delhi isn't ' safe ' for women . # aapsweep # aapstorm # apki delhi # kashmir	negative
Now , chapal doesn't get stolen by money . Whoever needs it , they take it .	neutral
you also come with me	neutral
brother please come fast	neutral
Love love love salam brother	positive
if i throw this , then i am insulted by lalu ..	negative
Sallu , please come .	neutral
anyone watching the davos game ? someone told me naisha may have hurt his shoulder . better not be true !	neutral
@ lwayz ready salman sir	neutral
ha ha . . how many pearls are there in farziwal . . he himself uses word ass forkiran jai and talks about women security . i swear he is a snake . shame on kejriwal .	negative
brother 1 question to you	neutral
I accepted faisal brother . . . so true : d	positive
what kahu bhai you have passion , mind or not mind all girls beat you . make yours whomever you want , swear to god never say mat .	neutral
the way i care about you ..	neutral
Super duper hit . Will remain hit brother .	positive
saw :-)	neutral
delhi has shown .. you have no power , you have no win . choose it . # delhidecides	positive
salman brother eid mubarak to you	neutral
salman come home on my eid	neutral
Anna ji has said it at the right time	positive
# aapsweep this is the victory of traitors .	neutral
Bro , for your film , I have increased a lot .	positive
I love you . Modi sir , whenever you need me , ask for it . I love you , sir .	positive
don't worry . if a civil guy from private state college can be a coder in TCS , you can do better then him ur an IITIAN + en _ suffix right :)	positive
#284 Do you have the mobile number of any girl , I am looking to make friends only . I will not share my name .	neutral
go to the bus quickly , enter the bus and wait , otherwise you won't get any treatment .	negative
my wish is to make your life long brother this is my prayer	positive
today it would have been strange to the fishermen that white beard Baba who is seen on television everyday , why is he not seen today ? # aapstorm	neutral
now people are saying modi is losing ... you know :) # delhidecides	positive
sirji ... pls visit to kanpur oncem ... plzzz .	positive
will you eat	negative
it should be proper i think those people will start manipulating evm machines from now . .	negative
it will be a lot of trouble and in this mess who will make you win	neutral
Sir , I want to talk to you .	neutral
you are an alien , dude .	neutral
@ timesnow my opinion is ' yes ' if # modi can't then no one can deliver . here reality not perception # rail budget2015 http : t . co bbe1e7akof	positive
i'm so happy for @ someUSER :) she is finally showing the world what she got ! blake , hey monday and now just cassadee pope ! & lt ; 3	positive
Modi ji , we have to answer the idiot quickly .	positive
there are some udbilao uncles . . . . they can't even look at them properly .	neutral
Bro , run away . sale always puts Australia in front of australia .	negative
if india finishes the target within 10overs , it will be the healthy run rate for it in the points table # indvsuae # cwc15	positive
@ ananyadg @ rahulroushan @ ibnlive # rahulonleave # rahulgandhi ' s absence seems to create more buzz than his presence ! " bas name is enough "	negative
That's why I took 76 in 1 li	neutral
manav viggap you are a laddu , you have never played a game	neutral
brother you must have been toppr , you wrote this much . . i am so desperate and i gave you the tune . . hats off	neutral
if there is electricity , then there will be bill . many parts of delhi face power cuts . # aapsweep # aapstorm # apki delhi # u good luck delhities	negative
Web development	neutral
Anna ji , you forgot about Varanasi episode in Lok Sabha elections .	positive
help me smart peeps : i need to get from the city to alsip , back to the city on a friday night . cheapest way to go ? ( it's for a wedding )	neutral
brother you are great	positive
now the person who has got the chance has got a shirt .	neutral
rt rameshkumararo1 : rt chhannigora : gurmeetramrahim # blockbustermsg ppa g ........................ can't explain vaat a fill	neutral
dear # bjp , now stop it . money is spent on # chai _ pe : p # delhidecides # aapsweep # kejriwa _ ve	negative
#56 I'm in HSS doing M . Phil . Lately , every day is an existential crisis where I am in a moral dilemma choosing between spending my last few rupees on alcohol or dog .	negative
@ SomusarHappi thursday ! enjoyed the show so much last night watched 4x . # thankyoutimeshifting ! ! have a great day my greek !	positive
Happy new year	positive
brother , how are you ?	neutral
great comment brother	positive
@ someUSER aye mah dude did you tell alondraa abouut going to the bell game tomorrow ?	neutral
@Mojorojo maybe we will have to eat air hi one day # beefban	negative
this sugarcane has not gone yet	negative
Just between gye the	neutral
i used to get <unk > when i was hungry -_-	positive
why to me	negative
wewant Kiran Bedi	neutral
#158 Reply to #150 . I am pleased to say that I already cleared GATE with a good score , and I can't wait to be a part of this community !	positive
romney's great line about " trickle down government " was coined by gow . mitch daniels as early as jaanori . mitt uses good sources .	positive
pakistan need to purchase new crackers at least for next world cup . existing patakhe become 6 world cup old now . that's why they are not able to use it .	negative
afc travel to blackpool this sunday to take on bathroom soultion in the lfa 3rd round , at 11am at squires gate fc . # blackand whitearmy	neutral
aug 30 ! toads place , new haven ct . myself , m . a . r , jitta on the track , d animal :) and more ! http URL	neutral
an artist never die	neutral
@ smog _ aamir @ mahdi _ nisar1 it's boring # pk movie , love jihad movie , laughing out loud # wesupportpk	positive
Docks were par	negative
you know what , i dont give a shit about tomorrow yolo	negative
how much speck was used to make fools of common people	negative
cooldwn i will meet you tomorrow . i will feel cool . blv me	positive
neighbour	positive
Luv to do that this weekend .	positive
hey wow , i'll go .	neutral
anna's game has ended	neutral
rt @ RanjiBamZumdar : now the party has started . gomutra let it start . # beefban	neutral
@ someUSER presents : dethklok with machine head , all that remains , and black dahlia murder ! tunes , november 13th at the venue at the hub !	neutral
son we are thinking this after studying in engineering college	neutral
jabi kahu this dhoni why does he play this much slo . . . saari matant you are amazing	negative
solving physics sir , look at the size in bit black even in gujarat .	negative
Oye Rang de Basanti ki dialogue	neutral
son , you were jealous that you could not offer that seat to the girl or could not impress her . i am jealous of you , i am jealous of you .	negative
The easiest thing to be in the world is you . The most difficult thing to be is what other people want you to be . Don't let them put you in that position . Leo Buscaglia	positive
Your big fan is plz cal met you in bangladesh +8801719447771 plz cal sallu brother met you fan	positive
salman sir i am your big fan please call me 7726066179	positive
i had a lot of fun calling eng mata to take choke	neutral
hi salman sir where is your money your fan is here # akki	positive
Modi sir welcome , we need a sir like you	positive
salute to you , i am not waiting for you , i am waiting for you .	neutral
last time you fooled me kejriwal . . . he has eaten one dokha . . . and now he has eaten nahi . . .	negative
sacha bharat india	positive
railway minister suresh prabhu says a forward looking agenda has been prepared # rail budget2015 @ the _ hindu	neutral
avril is still working on her 5th album . she's in the studio with http URL from the black eyed peas .	neutral
Kartikya Kumar Modi alone can increase the number of days	positive
oh .. then watch tees mar khan ... bday's <unk > will double - p	positive
hostel	negative
the knicks got the heat at msg tomorrow ! gonna be tough but we got this ! ! # knickstape # gonewyork	positive
" happy valentines day " lalluwood ? i guess it is february weather though . . .	positive
Don't come	neutral
Bro , I am a tortoise sir .	neutral
All the rest of the seam game were hote in different versions .	neutral
there is no pride in this movie salman brother's movie should not be a record	positive
this night's morning i had to take condom at kohinur xtra time ;)	negative
they say you are what you eat , but it's friday and i don't care ! # tgif (@ ogalo crows nest ) http URL	positive
it has become a habit to celebrate diwali , bored	positive
army itself is the thief of the country , he has gone mad to improve the country	negative
I shw your movie trailor i like your movie .	positive
so kendrick lamar 1st week projected sales iz 242k . that's wassup for an artist different from the norm to do those kind of numbers .	neutral
erotic asphyxiation , evanescence , strip clubs and kaaba have been the topics of my discussions today ! happy friday ? !	positive
brother you always make me emotional mom is the best gift a man ever recieve	positive
the biggest mistake was making a defence guy a buf	negative
# admin bro yus # kiss lol why are you insulting us	negative
long live	positive
always felt that at least m better then parents because they always use their age factor nd experience factor saying " you are a kid . . i can't do it . . "	positive
if you cant win someone , spread rumours abouthim , abuse him . and thats what modi is doingthats what bjp is doing . keep on . people of delhiis educated not blind .	negative
heard boss , brother , help me at home .	positive
Bro , just say it once .	neutral
talk in that english ... you always talk to him in hindi .. slowly he will get used to talking in hindi .. )	neutral
it's already 4 o'clock sallu is still mad	neutral
aillaa guddu's master's laat . . . . will guddu take revenge of this talk in the next episode . . . . in wait for agle episode . . . ting - tong	positive
@ someUSER such a cool thing you're doing ! ubuntu bridge . i vaguely recall them expanding to zulu . . may be able to give . you have a contact wise .	positive
maango will give milk , will give beer .. ask pakistan ... don't worry , take it . # indvspak	neutral
very hardly collected peas and brought vdeo game , we will play it at home . . . . . fortunately the vdeo game did not fit in outlet tv . . . . . but had to give subha peas . . . . : P	negative
Naya generation ka idea tank , garbage bin	neutral
Missing family . badly	negative
eat and drink and celebrate guddu's star . . . :)	positive
sala pyr b nowadays there is a lot of type of bargain ... causal type	negative
the destiny of arvind is clear , that's why the father of the bride is with him	positive
don't let it fall	neutral
you are very nice , why didn't you get married ;)	negative
@ headlinestoday @ digvijaya _ 28 looking today's situation of congress i am worried where wl congrs if he wrkd 2 his style . # rahulonleave	negative
quota quota .. i guess this is going to implemnt on food too ! -	negative
always stay quiet for taking chalk . . made the whole school round die on this excuse . .	positive
i'm excited for trunk or treat tomorrow ( nov 2) night at the boys and girls club in pottstown . it will start at . . . http URL	positive
thanks a lot for reviving all the old and precious memories of school time .	positive
brother when did virat kohli come in your childhood ? you are from the contra era right ? : p	neutral
are you really talking or are we feeling like this ..???	neutral
dude garbage bin . . . the time you spend on canvas with all the rubbish of your childhood . . . i used to visualize that time . . when it all actually happened	positive
salman brother give me a small roll day from your dabang three	neutral
knock knock ? kejriwal : who is it ? raita kejriwal : how raita ? spreader ! kejriwal : brother ! everyone is mixed # aapsweep # kissdeepi	negative
think what happiness when Principal Sir rounds up :- p	neutral
awsome trailer <3	positive
Salman brother , you are my commits path only .	neutral
It's awesome brother .	positive
eat it pls kbhi give me a msv plss i realy miss you	positive
@ someUSER @ someUSER i wanted to smack eli manning for falling asleep with the rest of the team during the 2nd half on sande . ha ha ha	negative
I love you hahaii salman khaaan ;-)	positive
There is also a lot of free stuff	positive
खुni sale go to jail	negative
# indvsuae path of winners destroyed uae . win .. win	negative
respect to this ma'am . no offence but some great man changed gujarat so that no human is coming to slum .	positive
4 balls shouted	negative
hey brother please come in vrns	neutral
kejriwal long live	positive
modi is trying to destroy all indigenous business , first e-rickshaw now agriculture # landacquisitionbill	negative
staffroom itself is like a fish market and in the reverse voice says " this class is like a fish market " :3	negative
in modi's mother-in-law's house my mother-in-law	negative
arr ne is class me to which boy you top na karnr . . . i would have toper me hi . . . . : d	negative
it's like groundhog day . 2nd day here . (@ chirping chicken ) http URL	neutral
It's around 65k in India .	neutral
@ someUSER i had vick and flacco , needed an upgrade . vick may get benched , jennings a back up again soon . i thought it was a win for me .	neutral
@ bombaydyeing _ in @ srbachchan what will law do = ebony what ivory # shamitabh # ebonyandivory	neutral
take	neutral
historical day for indian democracy . congrats delhi . # aapsweep # delhidecides	positive
during 2003 wc my maths paper was just after finals and i secured really bad . . i was in class sixth that tym	neutral
luv u gandhi ji	neutral
we're excited for trunk or treat tomorrow ( nov 2) night at the boys and girls club in pottstown . it will start at . . . http URL	positive
I am done .	neutral
note :: the one who can't do it first try . . ! !	positive
gud see yajaan	positive
now gotta wait for friday for the knicks first game # 3seed	neutral
i miss writing with chalk	neutral
watched the 1st season of scandal and all i can say is olivia pope is a bad girl got season 2 on davar .	negative
Oh no	negative
Hello , your beauty is very good . God is the best .	positive
4 - made ganga and goo mantri for the first time	positive
son in going to feel @ home you make fun of them , then why will you also have a genuine interaction ? RIP interaction	positive
even now i am feeling very upset	neutral
just touched down in a practically balmy london . :) was fun as ever . last night we saw shamitabh . fn movie with parts shot in finland	positive
brother what is going on watsaap about you is false . plz reply must	neutral
who went ahead of him , chotu	neutral
how can anyone buy that fake film . i had so much doubt that i should not have watched the trailr launch video	negative
iove u salman sir please reply to me	positive
Uski Maruंगा	negative
salman khan sir will we get to see something new in bajrangi bhaijaan	neutral
And on Tusday , harry redknapp distanced himself from the job following speculation he was planning talks with the club .	negative
it's a theme brother ..	negative
i'll be rooting for penn state tomorrow . even though they murdered joe pa for something he didn't do ! the new coach and kids deserve that	positive
This admin is a mentaly chalenged guy . What did Jairam Ramesh eat after so much diffrnce ? What did Modi eat ?	neutral
they may have a superbowl in lalus , but lalus ain't winning a superbowl . not with that quarterback and owner . @ someUSER @ someUSER	neutral
brother come	neutral
Have you ever heard that cows population is working ? : # beefban	neutral
Bro , come fast . I've been waiting since so long .	neutral
poor person , feed him chips . he was lazy , let him feed the one who is eating .	negative
salman khan your mother's kick and your sister's kick	negative
you kept name 2 for me	neutral
Super hit brother .	positive
Ok sallu mi	neutral
dude that is a very important course	neutral
sir did you win my heart movie	positive
No more now	positive
rest is in silence	negative
suresh prabhu should work on better freight management and try to generate more internal resources # prabhukirail # rail budget2015	neutral
cutting an obscene guy , asshole .	negative
Oh no	negative
yanaha kejsi train is empty	neutral
bucks backcourt mates brandon jennings and monta ellis had a " little brother-big brother " talk on sonde , as jennings described it .	neutral
he has got good news . dhoni will give bad news about his brother . . . come , let him have a chance to play with his wife . . .	negative
taking a litre of fizzy , flavoured water to bed tonight , super sunday is going to result in a mouth like ghandi's flip flop ! # gacky # rank # beer	neutral
salman brother you are folp	negative
Shivani	neutral
@ someUSER starting 11 in the 1st half featured players who have not been in the managers plans , Cole ,ॡrson , downing etc . . .	neutral
those days . . . i made my life using mario's duck	positive
guide you towards the path of success . Happy Holi !	positive
i am shocked that salman brother has got some news .	neutral
if you use jagu's trick , then he is fit . . . he did all the work .	positive
Now sell it and ash the world cup	neutral
@ someUSER 9 account using your blackberry device , you may want to follow @ someUSER for updates and additional support from rim .	positive
trust in work is trust bjp	positive
it seem like austin rivers is tryin to had to get a bucket . i threw my 1st game in the league i was trying hard	neutral
this ... i watched pk movie .... http : t . co 24ifhyrobl	neutral
we are closing out the knicks tomorrow	neutral
Ha ha ha frgt hm .. Coz whn he needs you . . He talks that Varna is laden with dust , . Today , if she is not safe , she will cry a lot later .. God bless u )	neutral
फेku sir , queen sister is going to Luc Krishna Nagar Seat .	negative
we say that the bat's stroke is not open	negative
Are you doing drama ?	neutral
i need another viv necklace . . . may buy myself one for valentines day # nojoke	neutral
Akkiya was faster than a jinkay # kannada # indvssa	positive
give him the award day for his faku of the year	neutral
our country is great . we don't want our family from these police people . how will our country develop .	negative
i will talk to you . i don't want to .	neutral
" i'm not mexican on lalu de Mayo , i'm not black in fab & amp ; i'm not chinese on the chinese new year so you're not irish on st . patrick's day . "	neutral
after a long time , tode e watched entire republic day parade and ispic reminded me of laddu , which i didn't get today .	neutral
Some friends come here to see guddu's face expression .	positive
may god bless your movie bajrangi bhaijaan in south therator	negative
That is 200 pageg	neutral
your bf and your friend , both get together on this cnfssion pg ... they will tell you themselves ...	neutral
modi government # beefban http : t . co yqclspt2xt	positive
man , do you confess or torture . . . this big big confession	neutral
New yar oldmonk mne i hope you get a msg nai kia ( e lyk ur posts	neutral
No ..	negative
guddu and ma'am have done more than 95% things similar . love you bro for reminding my childhood .	positive
just heard arnab on newshour say , " just because you keep going on & amp ; on doesn't make you right " : d # rssquestionsteresa # landacquisitionbill	neutral
what country's he or his name is he ?	neutral
still saint राहu your heart is at peace . you don't understand now . the day when someone else will take me away , you will understand after centuries . just sit now .	negative
who will not get happiness even if india wins the world	negative
Yes , this is the right thing , eidum .	neutral
exactly . . ! rules are made for innocent people . . ! and the one who commit crime always get free without any objection . !	negative
I didn't give chocolate .	neutral
whether it is football or cricket , you just want to eat , lahore sir	neutral
give me also one chance bajrangi bhaijan	neutral
listen in hour 2 for an expansive interview with poet frank x . walker who present his works at murray state on november 1 . # soundsgood	positive
friends , what should we do for this lota swamy ? # aapsweep http : t .co jtzwul9oe3	neutral
what do you call him india of bengali in english ?	neutral
i wish i could burn my son once .	neutral
eid mubarak ho bhai jaan advance me it's emerjancy plz	neutral
Right brother .	positive
shaan's expressions are awesome .	positive
@ istandwithh i have been watching the # ausvnz and then # indvsuae match . will read later and give . thanks .	neutral
rest two grpg	neutral
.. hamam	neutral
listen to this	neutral
how many cubs are there in half cmment krne people who eat potato or long cnfesn nd they must read difrnce in cnfesn ... god bless them !	neutral
solution	neutral
austin rivers just scored his 1st nba points with 6:07 left in the 4th you running with the big boys now son ( my doc rivers voice )	neutral
may 27 it is goin down in the sky , @ Somuzar and @ someUSER throwing a graduation party ! at mardis gras 4275 winchester rd suite 6 pm until 12 !	positive
it's amazing that this guy is mad .	positive
Brother , you are wrong . Understand it .	neutral
Yes , absolutely no .	neutral
guddu's prestige was beaten out .	negative
i don't want to sleep ! never dude .. you make fun of me . i have commented 150 times . laugh out loud lolzz + en _ suffix u never laugh out loud how many laugh out loud are all arround p	neutral
come salman today at 4 let's eat benna hi kej's time . dear subha 11's today is not easy plz try to understand	neutral
this is the situation in the 1st yr . till the 3rd yr , Chanak Pandey's career will be like this .	negative
james murphy best of luck tomorrow leelman . you'll do great no doubts .	positive
nothing came except award function on accha ! ! ! hour ! ! new year it was better if it was dd2 or daad metro	negative
chachi 420	neutral
my mom just texted me reminding me that grammys birthdays tomorrow . how could i ever forget ? # biggestdayoftheyear	positive
y ! ! ! we are front page on will ferrell's funny or die for the 24th time ! check it out ! http URL	positive
@ someUSER i love nz was there in feb have friends with vineyard which is useful ! ! in nelson lovely part of nz !	positive
Missing all of you	positive
Bombay's uncle's . daughter's .	neutral
black friday best price underwater case for the following olympus evolt digital slr . . . http URL	positive
how are you	negative
Or either if you already wasted your money go to beshram in d hall rather than watching a movie where nthing is to watch ... pity for singles . .. couple mightŸy their cozy 2 n half hours	neutral
Abe enter the room and roam	neutral
I thought you would also come .	negative
Now it is time for Sirdi Jan . I think guddu has come late .	neutral
real test for # bayern this weekend against the in form bayer leverkusen . a win at home on sunday will go a long way towards a 15 win streak .	positive
@ someUSER going sylvia park tomolols and den night market l8ter on that same day and then early bed and sunday idk aye ?	neutral
@ hdfclife # myteammypride # indvsuae # indwins only apps are left ,	neutral
ryan's going to amsterdam tomorrow :( that but who the fuck even goes there	negative
rt @ pradeepsingh83 : what is your opinion of the # landacquisitionbill ? http : t .co zzp3byd5mf	neutral
bhajrangi bhaijan go to the official page to talk	neutral
where did i get this money , where did i get this money , what did you do ?	neutral
minister of state who is childish , will he give man safety to people of haryana like delhi who don't want to live a non-workful life	negative
did you want to ask something older ? D . . . ask for modern movies .	negative
rinky kumari is salman , he is not alwa	neutral
luv u bhai waiting	neutral
the other section's girls also cheated .	neutral
you are log match fixer	negative
I agree with you , who is from Bihar ?	negative
@ Somusar @ someUSER slow down . he's a lib . you may hav 2 explain to him . remember charlie gibson told donwade & amp ; roma he doesn't know abt acorn .	neutral
Salman bro , where are you ? It's 6 o'clock now . It's 1 hour to leave . Please give me one reply . Please bro .	neutral
the indian national anthem before this game gives me the chills . literally . # indvspak	positive
Hi ? ?	neutral
reserved type . i also want to reserve you for my heart beat . i am a big smoker .	neutral
Balm	positive
Bro , swear on your buffalo . . . russell peters' comedy . . . . you got me laughing out loud , right ?	neutral
i have done 2 things in your pappi's circle	negative
Hello , boy .	positive
# blockbustermsg wen will msg 2 come eagerly waiting after watching msg	neutral
May be your parents dont realise your value now bt sooner or later they will realise ! Have you ever tried to sit and discuss with them about this issue .. This might help ! Attempting suicide wont solve anything ! )	positive
K d ... haven't done it yet ...	neutral
where will this much money come from for Aka's vision of giving freebie ? pay some attention to this too jaye . . . tell to give everything for free but something else . . . is it a good plan ?	neutral
i request the people of maharashtra that they do not pray in public places . if a beef guest comes then you should be responsible yourself . # beefban	neutral
now that halloween is over , read about britain's traditional guy fawkes night ! remember remember the 5th of november ! http URL	neutral
salman khan , the fashion show you did on being human , in which you wore a model dress which had Allah written in it , since we hated you , you are a horrible person , salman khan kutta	negative
girls on 3rd stage ... haahh	negative
i am scared to buy such a small thing	positive
@ someUSER i'm going over to britain and ireland's next top mode and jls are performing on the monday and that's the day i was supposed	neutral
ma'am salman's frnd	positive
Tomorrow you come to that get up . Then whatever you want , take it , it will hit you . Don't think so much . By the way , are front benchers like this ? O	neutral
Amit ji's hair has become white . It became wet before his youth came .	negative
brother brother	neutral
en plein visionnage de " shut up and play the hits ! " james murphy est mon dieu .	neutral
Love u sir love u soo much urs I'ts beautyful vedio ...	positive
@ Somusar cant wait for you to come to dublin on monday so excited to see you & lt ; 3	positive
Go to sleep , two students will work so hard that you will top	neutral
no muslim will watch this movie , because this movie is not going to work	negative
u r non sense ! don't fool out of plp	negative
anotherrrrrrr :-) m goin craazyy man :-) # indvspak # indwins	neutral
poor people are crying and you are crying with jealousy	negative
Modi ji brought all hindus to India like Bangladesh plz . muslims abuse hindus and they do so a lot .	neutral
if i had dreamed like this then i would have been game creator today hota : p	positive
Bro , please take some time to get out . I will also talk to you .	neutral
@Adm...... seems like bajp has done diamonds to you for spreading fake news .	neutral
e can challenge we can change , bring d bloody bastards on d road , n banang dem brutally behalf of millions ppl . . ! ! ppl can't even ठnak aat rape , nxt time . . ! !	negative
If you are in school , come .	positive
Mashallah 2 . 3k comments and likes r 33,966 great 300 crores hai bhai ki film kai	positive
like if you're proactive about your health ! don't miss this sunday's live google + hangout about genetic . http URL	positive
Or is it not important for you too ?	neutral
everyone's rubbish work . . . when staff room gate is opened , the eyes of sb teachers are looking here . . . now why are you so desperate ?	neutral
2 min noddle leave .... rohit sharma go to eatpavilion . # indvssa	neutral
@ someUSER that's crazy . i'm more jealous of you going to joe pa's grave ! i was sad saturday when i walked past where the statue should be :(	negative
Love you salman brother ... missing . . u .. salman brother	positive
dr . mohamed morsi announced as egypt's first elected president after the glorious 25th of jan revolution . congratulations	positive
i am going to the seminar richie hawtin ( official page ) is hosting at concordia this monday . first time going to . http URL	positive
Sir it is not the month of ramjan . Ha picha raaai haam sihad mukdar me was not there !	negative
4.13 now	neutral
you come to gurgaon ?	neutral
why didn't the answer come	negative
we don't leave any brother's movie eid mubarak brother ....	positive
[[ f9like ]] 4 making his prediction sensible .... @ admin .... p	neutral
Yes brother .	positive
@ someUSER nov 25 at the san siro . i pray we would've gotten back our rhythm before then or we'll get embarrased .	neutral
take a while to dig the codebase	neutral
i'm going to halestorm at backstage live in san antonio , tx - nov 10 http URL	neutral
modi ji's work is true but one thing is bad . is it that you won the election or the world tour package . old prime minister is silent mode and now prime minister is flight mode . our country's luck is bad .	negative
i have just watched pk movie awsum acting by amir and true ending # pk	positive
help meee salman khan	neutral
@ 5forty3 @ mrsgandhi delhi hs chosen ths mayhem . nw will pay for it . aap mla amanatullah says batla encounter fake , probe again . # delhidecides	negative
brother come please	neutral
what will we talk about that now	neutral
please meet me once . you will go mad .	negative
mission is good , implementation is correct	positive
oh boss , your wrists , your eyes :)	neutral
king cake and boudin for breakfast . yep ! i'm in southern louisiana , where the weather is warm ( not hot ) and sunny . wine tasting tomorrow !	neutral
@ Somusar @ Somusar at least there is hope coming around february . i'm looking at a team where jr smith is the x-factor .	positive
what a time has come .. son producing films for his dad .. # shamitabh	neutral
something is bad around me and my luck ,	negative
haha .	neutral
She said Anna ji bas you go , there is a need for assertion now time you	positive
those who support # landacquisitionbill please surrender flats at government rates and contribute to # patriotism , be active # bhakts	neutral
free wifi	positive
come on	neutral
all d best dear .... bt sersly it dosnt matttr in a way )	neutral
boss , brother .	positive
this page is coming from boss ’ s wife yr	positive
Yes , you also analysed him and said why did you agree .	positive
hey wow , ana ji . you are also here . what did modi ji do . why did you come in favour of mohammad and lost your popularity too . so take care of yourselves vote for bajp . country is one side , modi ji . like this . oh ana ji . this festival is only for jaanti . or whose too sixty . this festival is also for bajp .	positive
at around 11pm on monday , winans said he heard his son crying and went to check on him . when the concerned dad .	neutral
@ bhavnasaini5 @ ndtv don't give electricity to your family . you need money for that too . delhi people don't think . that's why this is the solution for delhi .	positive
salman ji are you uncle have you a son	neutral
you run a lot and gave us chalk and sticks ( for our own grandfather :- P ) and we also came back after roaming around in old times : - P	neutral
# your victory , a lot of shame .. this will happen to # delhi . # delhidecides the one who has done drama , betrayed , such a victory . # shame	negative
rt @ princeinsan63 : @ gurmeetramrahim # msgincinemas paapji i am ready to go to pvr hip hip hurrrrrrrrrrrrrr owwwwweewweee	positive
I swear	positive
according to the radio , rihanna's birthday cake is the official 4th of july anthem . sounds about right .	neutral
oh , it's a trick . if you don't know , then tell me . give it sir	negative
# india won the toss . we have already won the match : p # indvspak # wc @ icc	positive
Don't get to sleep even in sleep	negative
ashwin bowling well can be key man for india in wc specially in middle overs . # indvsuae	positive
go and try	positive
brother , if you do this , then hello , you won't be celebrating bajrngi bhaijan .	negative
how are you	positive
me : want a leave boss : can't find it me : raga got it boss : will pagle make me cry . take it but think about it . # whereisrahul # rahulonleave	neutral
more footage from the studio where bullet for my valentine just finished up recording their upcoming 4th album . http URL	neutral
front MH environment is like this only , so take admission from some other country . may be you will get relieved , what do you mean by tune ?	neutral
the fair seems lovely , you are going to play tricks on me , that's why i took it , big hearted .	positive
everyone talks about eli manning being the best in the 4th qtr . jai cutler has the best कबr rating in 4th qtr in the nfl # getsome # dabears	positive
# beefban's drama is over , do you want to talk about something else ? like @ danty's joke ?	negative
Now , I am like this photographer . I'll take your photo . I'll shoot your 2 shots . Your father loves photography .	negative
naughty	neutral
rt @ the _ chauvinists : saudi arabia awards pig zakar naik , who encourage all muslims to be jihadist http : t .co zy9qkbbjxk # myjihad # beefban ...	negative
Salman sir has left boss's time , brother . When he tells the date , he will come . You should comment , right ?	neutral
no brother , i have a sister in law . . . my mother is to puri verification krti first . .	negative
son what will you make him talk to the people at home	negative
jai ho india	positive
money came out of my pocket after taking it !	neutral
No	neutral
@ Somusar i am so excited for when you come to northern lights on the 27th it will probably make my life .	positive
Once upon a time in mumbai , there comes a single soul .	positive
happy republic day to all . India flourished better than the rest of the world . #Respect	positive
Sharma ji's daughter-in-law is a famous boy . . . rofl ! ! !	positive
when will Chauhanga come from here	neutral
guddu's gun is loaded . dont call otherwise he will start firing .	positive
@ Somusar daemon i don't want to get on my computer . tomorrow :( my harry feels out of control and the outtakes video broke me	negative
Oh my god , it's awesome on ghr .	negative
whatever happens arvind kejriwal ji , he is entertaining the whole india with his comedian style .	negative
Well being a general candidate you wouldnt had any option to lie on the basis of that only one examination .. Such is life for general candidates - (	positive
i wish i could get a mother like this .	negative
when we come to watch someone's match , if the wicket breaks then we don't let us watch that old match .	negative
guddu's friend is hiding his hair behind the book . . . i remembered my childhood after seeing him :)	neutral
Both of you feel the most cold . . . Shaveta Gaur Meenakshi Saksana	neutral
what did he say bas muan	negative
if your family hadn't changed channel on condom's add then you would have smoked bach - p	neutral
it's awesome machine	positive
our founder (@ someUSER will be speaking at social media week (# smwldn ) on friday . read about it : http URL	neutral
i called you	neutral
Awsome ... it is called to leave india's hold on the whole world ...	positive
plz cm brother ... i am waiting for you	positive
look at the world , we are losing delhi , we are winning # delhidecides # apki delhi	neutral
you said राहi ho oh its fake if you come to real then how will you recognize you hahaha	negative
Bhai amazing .	neutral
have to lose .	neutral
aquino on enrile's memoirs : may all of us seek in this book the lessons that will allow us to advance as a people	positive
Love your nation pray for the people in danger help them atleast for some days . Life is too short to love a girl . Love the country too .	neutral
this dialouge is from the episode of the VIRAL FEVER . you should have written my story .	negative
brother its 4:11 gya . when will you come	neutral
rugby is a great winter sport for ga ladies looking to keep up there fitness . come along friday to kilkenny rfc at 7 to try it out	positive
our class was sitting on the back bench .	neutral
All stop it . You should have stopped me .	neutral
who says girl , laugh out loud . . . you have said it . . . . . laugh out loud is the face of a girl . . ........ jois mohat samaj jo . . . . pa	neutral
what you say you do not do that	negative
now i am waiting to see when that small farmer ( vadra ) will do sucide :	negative
But brother Modi ji and all the ministers are also forgetting the slogan of development , why are you chanting sanjay's curse and why are you shouting for sanjay as much as no one has ever loved	neutral
it must be thursday everyday because niggas is thirsty all the time	neutral
super contra n mario :-)	positive
for me , my father had given me a special seat in stepny's pichey	positive
wow ! guddu started making a lot of gags again :)	positive
The style of writing date on black board is probably common in all schools	neutral
Are you crazy ? # beefban	neutral
Modi ji . Assam and Magalla have a lot of games whose name is your plz usha bond kijiya .	neutral
if he had spent the money for thatट्यूशन , then this poor condition of your English would not have been there . Tch Tch .	neutral
i wish the police could also do the same work . what a bat you are . you made the country's name shine .	positive
rt mib _ india : nine major thrust areas in # rail budget2015 presented by shri sureshpprabhu #Ralbat http : t .co aoyj11jqlb	neutral
how are you	positive
Heroes	positive
i used to get teeth straightforward . . . the money is not given in the hands of the parents , they will get spoiled .	negative
hi salman brother	neutral
frm 3 idiots to old monk said by mantri sir " are principal saheb he is obscene , get this boy out of here " - D - P	negative
chasing the northern lights by alan tan . nice article and photo in yest straits times - 30 oct page c9 .	positive
Vande mataram . .. Jai hind . . Jai bharat	positive
vlsi digicom ai ml its humanitiesg thikingskillsg scienceg	neutral
You eat	negative
@ Somuzar hello valentine's day my love . november is coming .	positive
go dog no one will watch your movie harmdoer	negative
tell me this	positive
Ihet Salman , you are floap this time . It won't work in our city .	negative
Back to pavillion	negative
study after placement , get bored from home . . . . the fruit of patience is sweet ;)	positive
give love to your son ... money money and only money...... how mean......	neutral
@ Somusar @ someUSER she's alright , she'll win the brit award for best female if she breaks wind between now and may .	positive
Yes , it's a fake type .	neutral
laag harami	negative
Nawab saved kick this time let's see	neutral
and if you're from maryland , early voting has been extended until tomorrow at 9pm . please go vote !	positive
homegrown talent missing on signing day : throughout most of the day on wednesday , the video scoreboard . http URL # raleigh	negative
i wish india won	positive
curtains	neutral
Go to sleep ?	neutral
Sir , one day your thinking will take you to sixty heights . Even if you worry about forgetting appko , you will see that forgetting appko does not mean forgetting the country .	positive
salman brother how will you talk to us brother	neutral
2 2 credits have been done	positive
rt @ mukhijanidhi : is your personality like this , whoever sees it will die # msgyouthicon # msgrevolution	positive
great programme and love this .	positive
brother's back is aching . doctero told him to rest . ok frendz	neutral
i think salman has taken this twitter post because he took this salman's post from twitter . what are we doing here ?	negative
salute you sir you work very hard	positive
@ focusnewsindia not entire opposition congress and it's supporters against # landacquisitionbill to block india growth	negative
this # landacquisitionbill will remove the poison of robert vadra . what's the matter get together and kill everyone	negative
hey look at ghost	neutral
garbage bin guddu brother in winter season did you not run by shouting bells of other people's houses ? come and run , show me brother :)	positive
4:02 IST where are you ? i am here . you are going to live .	neutral
too good ! ! !	positive
there is a hat on hard-working children like " gurdu " - " when elder get cosy , younger don't put nosy " : p = d	negative
brother first take a smoke and impress him . . . . this is delhi , it's a small colony . . . what do you think he will get now . . . he is waiting for you , you will go and impress him . . . what are you guys ?	neutral
these pakistani people are making a lot of jokes	negative
brother life i am very worried about you sir i am thinking if i will meet you or not sir jigi has only one wish i want to meet you once	positive
Abe lohri ki aai chl	neutral
62k 	neutral
how lazy will you become	neutral
in case you forgot panthers are horrible on defense . pathetic . ranked 27th against run and their top cb ( gamble ) is out w injury . # cowboys	negative
you siefp ?	negative
hello salman sir	positive
scnd announcmnt -- the 15 children who went with 5 boys will come back jaan ! ! !	neutral
i dont understand whats the problem of this media with hinduism . what do they want ?	negative
brother ... greatttt < 3 < 3 < 3 amazinggg wonderfullll	positive
brother we are waiting it is about to be 5	neutral
@ someUSER i'm with you on mass effect 3 . thats goty for me so far . still waiting on my other two , but one may be persona 4 arena .	positive
come my life is here only today :-(	negative
if you are attending the sustainable brands london conference in november please let us know ! http URL # sblondon # linkedin	neutral
oh i am off twitter for the night til tomorrow bomb squad enjoy your night love you much !	positive
3.30 to 4.00 4.00 to 4.30 come or not	neutral
monta ellis ellis provided just five points on 2-of-13 shooting thursday # nba # playersnews	neutral
rt @ ðthinks : maharashtrian vegetarians , get ready for high vegetable prices # beefban	neutral
dear # beefban hit it . then what will your paas issue be the only way to get votes ?	neutral
brother come brother come	positive
brother now i don't want that taste from anyone	neutral
@ someUSER those who justified mumbai police's incompetency for aug 11 are the same ones who supported delhi police's action at ramlila .	neutral
Mummy , she is like this only .	negative
I don't know brother , I want to ask . People are saying that Salman said that he will make his movie a hit because of muslims . You said that you are releasing the movie after eid .	negative
व्हाt # kejriwal did to # modi is what pm did to # rahulgandhi in general elections 2014 : @ Sardeshirajdeep . # aapsweep . http : t .co ndnfizplfd	positive
rt @ karishmakhehra : rain . you are like you ! # indvsuae	positive
essay is better with duck	positive
For the loan process	neutral
surely an engineer .	neutral
can't blame you , sons of rich fathers are always useless . even we have siddharth malya . # indvsuae	negative
@someUSER i'm back in rugby on a sat but if i do play it will have to be before 10 like !	neutral
I have seen it , brother . It's awesome .	positive
come brother salman is going to come here on twitter but no one has commented in this post on twiitter or fb	neutral
Haryana's CM Bhupendra Singh Hooda says " Robert Vadra is a small farmer " . With this logic of congress , toah mukesh Ambani is just a small petrol pumper .	neutral
Bro , when will you come online ?	neutral
cj and kreckman wednesday : the guys are at stoney's getting ready for the nuggets season opener . altitude's chris . http URL	neutral
ma'am i don't see you as good as you but i don't see you as good i don't see you as a drama of love	negative
$ from	neutral
looks like your 70 promises are fake like you . i am sure you will take big u turn .	negative
why do these fake items come from such a good place as Facebook ? dirty fellow . idiot . look , i am going to cry on the day of defeat .	negative
oh my god , send it . i will kill you .	positive
apple ceo apologizes for error-ridden new map up : apple ceo tim cook apologized friday for the company's error-ridden new mobile map .	negative
he was awesome . he saw an old man in front of his eyes . he knew something about the story .	positive
Whs playing guitar	neutral
the direction samudra moves , let him move .	positive
the id named Guaz Aai Gupta belongs to the boy so be careful	positive
and you and staff catch a particle outside the room and beat up the ground . . . and everyone's eyes stared at kejriwal and said that he deserved it . . .	neutral
i don't know if he is related to me or just a friend .	neutral
We are something to remember .	positive
rt rajatinsa : rt dk _ diksha : # blockbustermsg awesome role of jayshree soni ( kasam ), florasaini ( muskan ), olexandra semen ( alice . great m ...	positive
india doing well - eat ram on you . india struggling - will you win world cup ? you are not able to defeat us . # indvsuae # fans	negative
Don't play this much like this .	neutral
why not	neutral
Hmmm . . .	neutral
exactly ! very true ! as soon as i gave my childhood daughter-in-laws , i became an admin	positive
U	neutral
you can chat for hours but you cannot meet in a person because of your own thoughts . what will the world think ?	negative
wow brother wow	positive
insha allah today the opportunity will come and the firecrackers will burst . # पाकVsnd # indvspak	positive
he is like chabad chabd all the time : d	neutral
Tomorrow , I won't take even a monkey in the job interview .	negative
@ someUSER i would love the audio book ' the art of war ' by sun ð , as read by jim white ! ! # mountainsandsea	positive
i'm not gon believe that victor cruz is the real deal until he lines up outside , no slot , and doesn't disappear like he did on sunday	neutral
when you make everyone happy , help my friend pliz	neutral
happy birthday nick j may you live long and happy :)	positive
national margarita day ? this is like christmas in july only with tequila . . . lot of tequila	positive
Kejari is lying	negative
oh brother	neutral
please fulfill one of your wishes . . traitor	negative
tell gurdu's father to take a lot of work	neutral
listen . bhagavad gita was a conspiracy hatched by brahmins in collusion with kshatiryas to enslave women , vaishya & amp . sudra . @ Komal3192 # beefban	negative
why will you also go to watch someone else's movie when he has only said that his movies also work for muslims	neutral
ðŸ ̃ðŸ ̃ðŸ	positive
Modi sir , the country is getting worse . What are you thinking about this ?	neutral
the aunty took me to the function and made me cry in that function . my father hit kulfi ki dandi with nahi ?	neutral
truth's essence . not just for fast . tell this ?	neutral
# rahulgandhi takes 4 weeks of leave . save congress , make it lifetime leave . # rahulonleave	neutral
soul train 70's halloween party sat oct 27 http URL adv tixx $10 - $15 wt out costume $20 at the door . http URL	neutral
soo sweeet song	positive
every country should get a prime minister like you , who works so hard for the future of his country and launches schemes like this . you are my prime minister .	positive
my mom is watching sasural simar's	neutral
gaddu brother , in the agle unit , don't worry , mario will also come .	neutral
Hi sister ..	neutral
what ? @ ani _ news : there is a box in front but there are no passengers in it : nitish Kumar on # rail budget2015 http : t . co dcmreypx9q "	positive
Han yaar it's almost done	neutral
buy firecrackers friend , these old bamboo have been spoiled till now .	negative
lv u salman .. what are you doing ap sleep ..	positive
haah . . . . . because of these excuses once i lost my school sweater . . . . or the tooth fairy of my mother	negative
We could have bought a rapid english speaking course and brought it .	positive
win india is mustard seed	positive
woah , I gave an end to everyone on my side team .	neutral
fabio capello ( russia's head- coach ) wishes ðo's injury was more serious . ( russia will play against lalu tomorrow in the wcq )	negative
Where are you ?	neutral
salo charash is banned as well , to what drink did the robbers give ? on the other hand , outrage is banned , don't stop killing twitter , i will burn twitter . # beefban	negative
modi's era is rising .	negative
did we vote for this to @ narendramodi that he should take possession of the land of people with permission # annareturns # landacquisitionbill	negative
@ Somusar hell yus brother the crew gnna meet up in athens on the 17th	neutral
Specificallyg	neutral
how badly i miss andy carroll . knowing that the derby game is tomorrow , he always played very well and scored against blue noses .	positive
No dude . He is in immar .	neutral
rt @ richfxmathew : at least you can proudly say that they won the toss today ! # indvsuae	negative
work almost over with these negros won't see my face till monday night !	negative
Push hello just now	neutral
c'mon camera and the panthers ! oh my god the missing link in my quinfecta weekend . hard to do . app win , unc win , state loss , dook loss , panther win	neutral
i swear by thee , stay with thee . whatever evil i say to thee , god will purify me .	negative
Nd friend admin ... what do you mean by old admin of yesterday's poorness ?	neutral
brother you must have been a topper , you wrote this much . . i have so much grass in my ass and i have copied your tune . . hats off	positive
mulla has sold one mulla to another ...	neutral
reach r h rc	negative
brother i forgot about supav's class , how do you remember all this , memories of childhood @ Somusar bin	positive
@ srbachchan : ... # shamitabh ... the name is enough .... बिगBachchan .... 2 1 @ srbachchan oh my god give me # shamitabh . i want to meet you http : t . co 4oguc9tosw 2 0 go # shamitabh see such a picture everyday , see the aunt of srbachchan sir , see the style of Dhanushkraja @ aksharahaasan1 ' s eyes see 2 1 # shamitabh water flows in water , change of gender ... haah # thukhandi 2 0 @ srbachchan i am making posters in shamitabh . i am celebrating you . http : t . co hkb3f16sat 2 1 @ srbachchan i want to meet you . have mercy on you . http : t . co 73exub6yhq ... # shamitabh # bestsong	positive
How much will it be tomorrow ?	negative
It was a very dirty msg	negative
I am waiting	neutral
lady gaa fears classmates : los angeles , nov 1 ( ians ) singer lady gaa is still in touch with some people from h . . . http URL	negative
# aapstorm today it has been proven that delhi is not for people with hearts but for traitors . may god save us .	negative
you will be posting msgs for sure Salman	neutral
Brotheg had happened in the night a lot	negative
how many girls are there	positive
my # rail budget2015 10 points if i would have been rail minister @ sureshpprabhu http : t .co 3pmoyiyahx	neutral
movie will be a hit , sure brother's movie will be on eid .	positive
no brother take it to office	neutral
why is paata chala's melode so chocolate ?	neutral
Bro , there should be no temple . People will start a fight against him . I don't agree , brother .	negative
you want to talk to someone	neutral
wow you are making a movie like this only	positive
cried for every episode of dream high 2 starting from episode 13 ! ! ! i will watch the last and final episode tomorrow !	positive
lotus blooms , blooms , blooms , blooms ...	neutral
we will switch off , return fresh for world cup : dhoni .	positive
how are you making abusive words tv thief : o	neutral
I really want to get beaten up by you . I want to get beaten up with happiness .	neutral
brother whoever you are , but whatever you post , it reaches my heart directly . this is the way brother .	positive
how many days will oldmonk's b'day be celebrated ... now let this cover be celebrated brother	negative
nice	neutral
my talk is done .. a biggggg thanks sallu :-*	positive
greetings brother in trailer itself	positive
these two pillows seem wrong , one on top of another ash . . . then mother's tooth , all the hair on your head so that you can sleep	negative
Nice sallu brother	positive
donkey does acting only when his backwards are entitled to be red . . . . or you have to ask for money for the game	neutral
i don't know your secret , what do you say in 2 minutes + hi _ suffix me ( play quietly in darkness , idiot admin )	negative
Ha ha ha	neutral
hahaha hahaha hahaha	neutral
ok boss your kiss is on my eyes	positive
laag is like guddu's father has taken machine qualities . : p	neutral
awesome . . . ! ! seems like everyone does this only . . . ! !	positive
rt @arvindargujaral : a ) which movie south africans cannot watch ? a ) choker bali # indvssa # mokkamauka	neutral
greetings salman brother i love you sallu	positive
come on	negative
brother , tell me if you will get bharatnaratna	negative
hey hey wow .. you tell me why do you not come to Lucknow or come again please inform me .. please	neutral
brother salman khan my class is at 4 you said 3 :(	neutral
it is forbidden to watch a film of unbelievers	negative
" tortoise sir " asked the question and " wrestler sir " complained . . . . . . cunning sir : p	negative
Lolchar sir , when you are eating biscuits , you are called sudup sudup and when you are drinking chai , you are called chabar chabar .	neutral
# mustwatchmsg # blockbustermsg wonderful full of enjoy	positive
who are going to club bodi tomorrow	neutral
you make me look back to my childhood flash :(	positive
inshallah bhai bajrangi bhaijan will hit	positive
Loan ?	negative
Luvvv u luvvv u luvvv u	positive
And what are you doing ? ?	neutral
at that time i would have had 3 children . . . one in front one in middle or one god	neutral
i have a best caption for this , the one left in the verandah who slept .	neutral
I want to marry you	positive
@ anilkapur _ if you have banned # modi poison , then he might have eaten poison in opposition to the log ... @ tusharg @ॡsharmat @ deshabh # beefban	negative
there is absolutely no heat here ..	neutral
tell ji sentence also , then bhi teacher's behaviour is very bad ji .	negative
brother cross 700cr pts increse	positive
rt @ newsmobileindia : # indvsuae : uae win the toss and elect to bat . # jeetingindia # cricwc2015	neutral
my toilet is also saffron khan	negative
brother must have some work	neutral
intermission fc took a big step towards the title with a hard fought 1-0 win over fellow table toppers the real ajax on monday night .	positive
wow ! users now get free mobile recharge of rs . 350 in just 2 minutes .	positive
rt @ indy12if : the reactions i get from my tweets tell something about me . # indvsuae http : t . co 2h02av59u2	neutral
@ abantika _ ghosh @ indianexpress bt now bjp must move farword in the leadership of # kiranbedi # delhidecides	neutral
thanx salman brother .. love you forever	positive
luv u salman , ... you are very bht great ... you used to talk about koi and lalu .. i don't have any faith in these people .. because of what they say , why should i study , why should i not think about kitni jruri and say after thinking	positive
the biggest fan of salman khan	positive
Do you want to do it now D ?	neutral
you ple isa mat cro , it will be very difficult for you to tell your neighbour to do tht ple .. you are cmmnt b naha padding , ple admin you will be mad who is this you do something , you throw him and take some wrong step please ... thts my rqust ple	positive
Bro , it's already 4 . Where are you ?	neutral
once make a commitment at 4 : 00pm then you won't listen :)	neutral
guddu don't go to school tomorrow . . . . tomorrow you would have cried to virat kohli :( see . . . ! ! ! tomorrow india will come home and come back	negative
saale everything is good . come on comment pad ra hi to saale some people's hearts are also broken badly . i have watched all the first shows but i wish you broke my heart	negative
rt @ an _ a _ n : abye b aap's volunteers . i sent you to guard and what did you do . 67 seats . # aapsweep	negative
after coming	neutral
hey du . . . . where did you make 4 games repeat bar bar	negative
somethings enjoy their status because of the status they earned in the past . that's what du is all about .	neutral
Namashkar Akki	neutral
ha ha ? ?	neutral
In the last part , the garbage bin is hanged from the food of the ass .	neutral
people laugh out loud because of this much dedication	neutral
it happens dumb people who are dumb , it happens sixty times .	negative
i am a prof on eid , bajrangi bhai jaan , i am a muslim , so i am not a fan , i will not cry forever ,	neutral
while @ starsportsindia's # indvspak tweet-o-war is on , # buzzscore report declares the winner ! # indwins # wontgiveitback http : t .co yla144fbyd	neutral
bc foreigners like indians deserve that hangout disc .	negative
so far i have earned rs2000 se more . you also try and see .	positive
Bachchan ki yade is fresh	neutral
best line is : i want to drink cold drinks .	positive
sure brother	positive
Bro , why are you taking so much time to post cartoons ? Please do it fast .	neutral
this is the best comic of garbage bin i've ever seen : d	positive
salman bhai jaan friend request plz	neutral
awesome yaar	neutral
wid d raising number of farmer suicides in d country , what d government is trying to prove by introducing anti-farmer bills ? # landacquisitionbill	neutral
Class attendance	negative
making a sign for # kate's nyc marathon on sunday for @ someUSER charity . what do you think ? was never any good at art . http URL	neutral
ha ha ha	positive
Are you feeling cowardly ?	neutral
thanks for dd national for showing premium movies free to air	positive
sallu brother ... please talk to boss once ... plz ....	neutral
@ someUSER paterno wouldnt be charged . all hearsay on him and he did do his job ( minimal as may be ) . he reported it . rest is speculation .	neutral
satish sharma ... kuttaya bhai .... still 3yrs more 4me ... huh	negative
brother you are the best bajrangi bhaijan will be ATBB ;)	positive
this year nba schedule got me pumped for the season . knicks vs . nets in its 1st nba's battle of new york . we already know its nyk town .	positive
britain's out of the recession ? i drank it till february .	neutral
he is not a traitor , he is a traitor	negative
Direct dinner	negative
7 - the semen which came from abroad is now made from make in india medium	positive
why didn't i ever get this sports room idea	neutral
happy valentine's day ! @ someUSER everyday is the 14th !	positive
delhi braces for another ramdev protest : new delhi : final touches were being given vedansde at the ramlila gro . http URL	neutral
what happened	negative
for any of those who went to see the dancing on ice tour this year the dvd of the tour comes out november 26th 2012 http URL	positive
abp news full support to kejriwal and zee news full support to bjp . i swear brother , now the country's media has sold down . no one can save this country .	negative
what do you want	neutral
Acha is correct	neutral
@ rameshchahal @ gurmeetramrahim # blockbustermsg true . when i had opened my account on twitter , i was used to check pappuji tweet in each hour	neutral
when will you come to bikaner . the situation is bad in bikaner . walk along the road of surdhana village .	negative
come fast hori t ..	neutral
Bro , do not use this f in double meaning .	neutral
why are you fooling raina	negative
faq : what is ' skeuomorphic design ' and the executive shakeup at apple : san francisco , ca - march 07: apple ceo . . . http URL	positive
salute to suresh mother who became a superstar of india like you . salute suresh mother	positive
Man , I will go to the market in a little while .	neutral
rt @ meenahisar : @ gurmeetramrahim # msgrevolution # msgyouthicon its only by ur grace	neutral
what a thing .. made mankind happy ..	positive
i realize bellamy is a freshman qb but the play selection leaves a lot to be desired , option toss on 3rd and 7 # cmonman	negative
sexy	positive
brother come , otherwise i will tell caterina ;-) ;-) ;-) ;-)	negative
brother , you have gotten up , look what you do , you have done so much , a life of such high importance falls in your feet .	positive
once i made a commitment , i would not even listen to myself .	neutral
so proud of @ someUSER for the huge upset against maryland . time for us to do the same tomorrow night # godeacs	positive
it was not happen in my school . my school teachers are awesome . when we have any query we go frankly in staff room and our tchr's navar deny . i miss my school days !	positive
harami sale	neutral
this boy turned out to be a fool .	negative
my mother's favourite grihshobha : d	positive
I said the right thing . I wanted to tell you that .	neutral
hlw sir eat and talk	neutral
rt @ sharadchauhan58 : @ gurmeetramrahim # msgyouthicon # msgrevolution sir you are making a lot of headlines	positive
k . k . k . k . k . k . kiran bedi clean bowled . aap wins krishna nagar too ! #kysindilli # delhidecides	negative
yes i am masjid , you all too ....	neutral
favroute sallu v ...	positive
what , those who support Gandhiji's ideas are unbelievers ? does he call it ham or islam ? ? i wish i had झुt ! ! ! !	negative
ðŸ ̃	negative
@ rishibagree hahaahaaa this @ gsurya is still alive ? i wonder when these ppl will stop licking balls of rg @ incindia . # rahulonleave	neutral
just caught the last few minutes of @ someUSER track endymion on @someUSER great track to get ready for work with . its me friday ! !	positive
ashish bryce neginavjot singhsunny bhardwajgaurav sahota . . brother . . . . kuton . . . rush remembers	negative
U r such a nice bf ... you are too big to do sex and you are still young to do responsiblty .... poor girl , what will happen to her because of what she has loved .... she has become a man , you are a man .	neutral
sunny leone , have you taken a tie up with Admin ? - D , - P	neutral
@ someUSER @ someUSER yeah i'm not to sure about :) - jan think he'll be an andy carroll type striker - bang em in or flop	neutral
look # steelers fans you may be upset aboutॡham missing that kick . just know that i heard a guy named billy cundiff is available .	neutral
@ gurmeetramrahim # msgyouthicon good night father , love you	positive
ha ha ha	positive
@ speaktolaksh @ yesiamsaffron @ gaudvaibhav @ varanasilive the exit poll is right .. delhi people will understand how much frivolous it is .	positive
read 45 pages of # landacquisitionbill passed by upa & amp ; 4 of the # landordinance by nda again . @ narendramodi should go ahead with it .	neutral
xtremely happy finally # beefban # in maharashtra ... kudos to devendrafad :) ... mr . modi	positive
i am abhi evaluation from karwa from prof's cabin	neutral
#Apki Delhi Start - Bala house encounter fake , by अमnatullaha khan ! # aapsweep # delhidecides # aapstorm . just dismantle security agencies	negative
where will you come , where will you go , where will you go , where will you go .	neutral
I won't cry from FB when you won't come to sleep	neutral
Ha ha ha ha ha	neutral
sir plz make me your bodygurd plz sir	neutral
hamam . . . it occurs to me that i haven't received a residual check in nearly a year now . i think i should email sag tomoro .	negative
with in 4 days two plane ( Mig-21 and Mig 27 ) crashed . pm and his cabinet don't even uttered a single word . rallies are more important than pilots . all the resources of government of india engaged by bjp in delhi elections .	negative
he got out ... stomach acid .. # indvssa	neutral
garbage bin u always make me feel that my life was under observation from a satellite launch by u	positive
rt @ livemint : 7. does the # union budget2015 make it easier to invest in india ? http : t . co x8wrgkjbty	neutral
good news friends "	positive
Bro , is it garland ?	neutral
if i had come , i would have been class champion , because of playing the game , i have suffered a lot .	positive
cundiff got released . i think he's outta the league now , especially if that quote on the tl this past sunday was real	neutral
salman khan is crazy	negative
valentine gift alluring pink & amp ; white valentine ... - http : t .co dw46dtwfxc # valentinesday # aapstorm # 1daytomsg http : t .co fe0nlreymq	neutral
To ?	negative
ha ha :):) the dear son of sharma :):) surabh sharma	positive
Please come sir . If you lie , then understand . You will love me as much as you love me sir .	negative
everyone has one talent . . . . . . this is the most different	neutral
@ ayushmannk looks like you drink milk from dust # beefban # waitingforgabbarlook	positive
if i can worship both buddha and krishna at the same time why can't i like both @ arvindkejriwal & amp ; @ narendramodi ? # aapsweep # kshidelli	neutral
Rajai and Nothig	neutral
i think bowen and cofield will be better in 2nd yr , and hope jenkins will be as good as he look last preseason , but those are unhatched eggs	positive
don't remember , atleast live a little bit , do the right thing . # garbagebin	negative
very good . . . if you want english environment , then no one can stop Gudu from going to oxford university : p :)	positive
Is it the bag of the ass or the parachute ?	neutral
shivraj janatabad	positive
locals like toh , whether it is ac or west , they will move , what will happen to the roads , sir ? get down and walk straight to the village . # rail budget2015 # mumbai	positive
ha ha ha	positive
bht	negative
treecracker	neutral
@ gurmeetramrahim # blockbustermsg thank you for your autograph	neutral
please buy me plzz brother	neutral
odi 100s by kohli against .. aus 3 ban 3 inning 2 aaj 2 pak 2 sa 0 sall 6 v 3 jim 1 # indvssa complet set evry team . . one moreðd again rsa .	positive
in contra , i got the power from you ,	neutral
greetings	neutral
rt @ indiatvnews : # indvssa updates : india stand at 136 in 27.1 overs . # cwc15	neutral
wowwwwww omg why not today .. love u salman	positive
you are everywhere	neutral
duck hunt was my favourite , but that quality got ruined :)	negative
@ gurmeetramrahim # msgincinemas wow ! what a movie it is . thanku papa ji , i wish i could get this touch on you .	positive
you put confesion or do you share the story buk @	negative
are . . . the one who cries lies to kejri in the whole country . . . and laziness . . who does anything for chair . . . .	negative
come on	positive
shikhar dhwana's daughter-in-law is in melbourne . today she is for the sake of son-in-law : p # indvssa	positive
Anyways how much are you .. what will i cry about	neutral
it's awesome brother . . . guddu is the best .	positive
special new year program on doordarshan :)	positive
what is the matter this aadmi talks to all mobiles this is the lotus of mind	positive
kiran bedi cm delhi	neutral
hey that day ! ! ! take money quietly to buy comics : p : p aweesom haha days ! !	positive
ðŸ ̃Ÿ	negative
Love you page ! Such a great page .	positive
sir come all your fans are waiting for you please come please .... sir reply to me with a big reply please come after taking time	neutral
@ gurmeetramrahim # msgincinemas papa ji all cinema is full	neutral
acp udmaan : abhijit , to make # pappu dark is more difficult than finding water in mars . # whereisrahul # rahulonleave	negative
still my favorite pose of you , :) pancakes tomorrow , glad you're here , we missed dj marcus ! sweet dreams ! http URL	positive
Yes , brother . Both of us have tension .	negative
the ultimate ... blockbuster	positive
brother has bought a new bike right ?	neutral
@ Admin - No , the reason why this page is losing or has already lost its glory ? Because we don't get to see your " sarcastic " views !	neutral
ewan to go to chapel hill tomorrow night but its going to be so cold . i'll just go to work instead !	neutral
bring bjp and make it work , then tell me the murderer .	negative
eid mubarak songs should be in bajrangi bhaijaan	positive
BC went to get admission , let him play sometime .	negative
But the thing is that Vishwanath is regular in eng	positive
why does the knicks heat game have to come on tomorrow night during bibleball ? oh well i'd rather play than watch any day !	negative
@ someUSER runner on 2nd no outs , drubes being one of our best hitters should make a productive out . his fault is not acta's	positive
Both r dependent on luck ... and when is the change in both of them , it does not move ... . When does the wind move , it moves from man to king ... and vice versa ..	neutral
i want to eat please friend . i can't eat alone . make me understand your concern . i want to talk to you . please talk to me	negative
brother , last world cup ind vs england match mei salla was beaten on one leg .	positive
this movie is nayanesh chopra or urmila matandokar ? which movie is this ? a little bit , both are fake . confused .	neutral
Just bought this phone as I got a good deal .	positive
man , i'm sorry for the death of mr . mitch lucker . may he rest in peace .	negative
Now there is no shortcoming of my favourite .	negative
bat bat you ?	neutral
i wish i was god's voter by voting aunty skta . . . . raj	positive
rob lowe who portrayed drew peterson , now takes on casey anthony prosecutor : on monday it was revealed that rob . http URL	neutral
" Issues on Indo-china border ? Duh ! Those cares , lets watch salman and srk and enjoy the cricket " ~ indian + en _ suffix people policy	neutral
hit the whole band with ash and mercy , what a thing .	positive
hi will be made from new delhi seat	neutral
i am shocked by the result of delhi , how alert is delhi's judge .	positive
@ someUSER yes ! ! well keep going , my hubby gave up on ash wed in '96 & amp ; has never looked back .	positive
the reaction of karnataka ministers on # rail budget 2015 is like they have prepared answers and curclulate over watsapp .. # karmakanda	neutral
salman you said 3:30	neutral
headlines in n . o . paper tomorrow . denver run all over the aints !	positive
Si Hai	negative
@ someUSER that's what i like to hear ! friday is my margarita day	neutral
How is the link ?	neutral
duck hunt never crossed stage muzase , everyone was angry at that dogi :( :(	neutral
Salman brother , you didn't agree with me . Do not understand . Your story deserves finish .	negative
Or	neutral
this is not media's light issue	neutral
diet starts monday when i wake up . ends the same day . always happens	positive
people should stay after school tomorrow to help the nhs . . we will be watching the woman in black	neutral
Amit G is to confident . seems like everything comes .	positive
@ sdhawan25 takes the catch as @ ashwinravi99 gets wicket of his carrom ball .. 2nd wicket of the match . patil departs 4 1-4 # indvsuae	neutral
before looking at your face	negative
rudd rains onabbott's parade : kevin rudd may be trying to spoil juliaainkatd's party but yesterday he gate-cra . . . http URL	negative
Gudu , your school must have come . My school is ache , my teacher is ache .	positive
What is your mind ?	neutral
superb . made me remember my childhood . thumbs up :)	positive
Come , I want to cry , mother .	positive
Take some soul , this world will destroy .	negative
now there will be more cows ( cows ) singing on the roads . # beefban	negative
we will party on teachers day , and on childrens day , we will make the humri party .	negative
ha ha ha . . . . i had this privilege in our class . . . . ! ! ! i wish i used chalk like this in office too . . . . lol	neutral
jai jai .	positive
hail lord ram nama	neutral
dude , you are gay . just put weed and sleep always .	negative
heat vs knicks is going to be the most exciting 1st round series	positive
before seeing this pic , why did you feel bad after meeting me ?	neutral
the month of ramzan , open your heart and pray	positive
Broken ears , toe .	neutral
@ someUSER if they are still looking for a center , they may want to inquire about sam gagner . edmonton needs d .	neutral
@ someUSER if obama wins i am quite sure one of his 1st major foreign policy hits would be successful resumption of talks with tehran .	positive
salman khan i am waiting for you pliz	neutral
@ someUSER really ? really ? terry's guilt was well proven , tv footage was available . suarez was punished of the strength of evra's word .	negative
p is she admitted in ny government hospital ..??	neutral
@ narendramodi # landacquisitionbill farm land producing3crops a year should not be touched , shrinking farmed land , not good for food security	negative
someone will tell me who spreads this fake news	negative
Did	negative
have an appointment at the bellamy tomorrow . might be moving in there next semester # excited	positive
Beingsalmankhan ................. where are you ? come on :)	neutral
waiting for you .. love you brother	positive
virat : no problem ! well played shikhar ! shikhar : b , you come back to thepavilion ! i will tell you ! # runout # indvspak	negative
bus was contra and mario ! : d	negative
Gudu is our old english don .	positive
my mother's bag is gone , so send blanket outside too . mother :*	positive
sir do you want to do something for the people of the country or are you lost in air india itself	negative
please help me i will chat on the page salman brother's sixty	neutral
it's a joke , why are some jokes like this .	negative
Final brother , you are amazing . . just awesome creations :)	positive
Delhi University North campus is a PARADISE ... It Rocks	positive
time to declare that india's farmers are anti-national and are being supported by vatican .. : p # landacquisitionbill	negative
just awesome .	positive
Not now brother	neutral
saw the match yesterday ?	negative
Bro , I have one request . When the movie gets intrrval in midnight , please show the video of #SwachhBharat made by you . With which Indians will also wake up to SwachhBharat . Bro , plz reply once .	positive
garbage bin please launch your comics . it will be a big hit please .	positive
come this # old monk to my neighbour . he is crazy .	negative
today , who knows what will be left	negative
rt @ drgarekar : present # landacquisitionbill is bitter allopathic injection .. # modisarkar must dilute it like sweet homeopathic pill	neutral
@ Somusar i'm come nikon guy , but interested in what you have to say tomorrow .	positive
@ Somusar well i'm currently on holiday inð coming home tomorrow then going to poland on Tusday for a holocaust memorial trip !	neutral
careless world tour hit up 8 places in cali . haah the fuck , u .	negative
Bro , where are you ?	positive
what did Gulmira write ?	neutral
to talk to salman you should be able to	neutral
you talked about modi ji with a lot of passion	negative
I don't know if it is related ; Yesterday Civil department and Chemical department had a function in Di Gulmohar Building . One of the admins moderators could be a graduating student from them .	neutral
salute to mother india's son who has no family	positive
what idiots are these people who are saying happy eid to this girl , what is ramzan of this country and why do they believe in eid ... this is just a matter of money .	negative
shri narendra modi i am the citizen of this country who gave one vote to make you prime minister .	neutral
Let's see now , do you give us time ?	negative
girls got stuck 4 times because of flirting girls really have girlfriends and they take me back to college	negative
@ someUSER today is our valentine's day on july 7th i hope you will soon find you that she wishes you to be happy happily valentine's day	positive
# factsaboutme when i was born . on that day , it was the 2nd day of chinese new year . immediately , i gotten lots of redpacket	positive
Brother , open the app , retweet .	neutral
i bet this confession was posted by the matki chick herself . . . the way some pathetic women send themselves flowers at work ! lol	negative
thank you ,fazal brother . you have brought me to heaven .	positive
kathif	neutral
Ma'am Suchii said all hail ma'am bhai bhai wow bhai only he says hail brother i am passionate i come and have lot of fun	positive
what's the matter sir	positive
dude , when are you going to marry ? my family started watching the boy . i am so much in love with you .	positive
by god hassi ruk hi nahi rahi	positive
just watched " project x " for the 1st time , i am unamazed . . all hyped it way past what it was . .	negative
who who was :(	negative
who says common man can't win elections . he has proven himself in delhi . he can win as well . # aapsweep	positive
don't worry edmonton tomorrow morning your main streets will be clear and ready for you to drive on ! ! ! ! i better go to bed	positive
its not # union budget2015 its # buredinka budget food , cmputer , kapade , house all delicious . only inhoan made it .	negative
everyone will be raised up , everyone will be fallen down , we will see # aapsweep http : / / t .co dfblua30gb	negative
@ someUSER real winter ray :) meeting with the knicks tomorrow	negative
sarak or aamir khan is also in front of you	positive
breking news in modi's street was called chेयर	neutral
@ Satyamjaya Amir will you also change your banner for pk movie after today's episode .	neutral
what dude	neutral
madam's memories have come . will become father	neutral
espn - indians fire manager acta with six games left : the cleveland indians fired manager manny acta on thursday , http URL	neutral
come my wife will be upset	negative
everyone's respect everyone's respect bajrangi bhaijan	positive
jr smith wanna be a starter so damn bad lol , nigga said 6th man of the year award is not what he's thinking about	neutral
hit 50 in the name of jia dhoni # indvspak	neutral
yes we teachers really need a bullet of pain while taking class .	negative
Whether it's from the inside or the outside	neutral
look who is talking ?	negative
still love it broda .	positive
why ?	negative
tortoise sir's laat directly on the bomb	negative
we're at # shamitabh press meet . the stage's all set . atmosphere's already electric . # live @ danushkraja bhop : t . co vbrofngmlx	neutral
you must be thankful to god that she didn't brotherzoned you .	negative
I am shocked to see guddu's dad driving on the hills !	positive
who said this kutta	negative
@ someUSER @ someUSER well aren't you good ! happy anniversary . may many owls serenade you with ricky martin songs .	positive
salman i love you pleze camm amaroc pleze i love you salman pleze camme pleze	positive
how harmdoers are sold	negative
Oh my god , you are amazing .	neutral
pastor winans will always be cool wit me because ' tomorrow ' by the winans is one of my fav gospel songs ! and he sent my nippy home right !	positive
@ someUSER i work at the la in alsip but that xsport offered me a job . got an interview tomorrow	neutral
true :- d	positive
laddu footing in the heart on the matter of marriage , how are you acting	neutral
remove khan from your name	negative
Love Maaa's expression ;-)	positive
Aaj ki party from Bhaijaan ki side .	neutral
thought , was , k , today i thought of something other than you . . . . it's evening since morning . . and till now i am in this " thinking " , what should i think of other than you . . ? ? like this page <3 if u someone love	positive
saving tigers is a noble cause , while saving cows invites protest .. i support # beefban	positive
this song came after deno , i liked it and then got mad :) :)	positive
please sir give us vito power while you are there	positive
@ amitshahoffice # union budget2015 # sabka budget what about industry wanting to skill and employ scst under ppp schemes of the government ..	neutral
@ someUSER out with the old , in with the new , shown good discipline in the 1st 4 rounds tonight frankie , kept a cool head ! # andthenew	positive
what a rubbish you are , Aale khan . i told you that you are my friend .	negative
@ someUSER capello had poor english in his first press conference and used a translator , by 1st game he spoke fine . cost isnt ' an issue # trapout	neutral
# endofwatch with @ someUSER , six flags in the am , thin up on fuel tv , waffle house late at night and z , church & amp ; ultimate on सनde , # hakkih	neutral
modiji's less ummidwar treatment of delhi shows his vision and samghdaari .	positive
#216 Have you ever gone out on a terrible date and came home and thought " did I really shave my pubic hair for this "	negative
Everything else is rubbish . Please do it once , send it to others .	positive
Bro , how will you make everyone cry ?	neutral
done that . . . . but even i used to get acting because of this . . .	neutral
there is no respect for us fans' feelings	neutral
Bro , the film will be a hit . I will give a few answers to the haters .	positive
Yes , right ?	negative
@ Somusar daemon , i last got aunty town cupcakes and was going to bring them tomorrow to share . i shouldn't eat all 12 alone .	negative
anyway , sorry for these random tweets about the finder . unfollow for the night . i'll be back to normal sports stuff tomorrow	negative
hey , you are a traitor to us .	negative
no brother tutiong . . . . mummy's school . . . father's office	negative
its me sorry to say but i am not allowed in any match or around tv room when india plays	positive
this time pakistan will lose , the match of # indvssa will be lost to india only	positive
activists demand release of jharkhand tribal leader : new delhi , nov 1 ( ians ) condemning the arrest of woman trib . http URL	negative
ha ha . . . salluid hai r baba	positive
rt @ kamalmeet7 : don't let anyone rent a space in your head , unless they are a goodtenant . # msg3successfulweeks	neutral
jio ana . . . second gandhi . . now corruption has come to light	positive
I am here to talk plzzzzzzzzzzz talk	neutral
you wish i'm a dolphin rt @ bree _ zey : something tells me you can't swim either rt pk movie couples will have ... http : t .co lkarhuw1dj	neutral
nothing ... now i am looking like this	neutral
One project has been found	neutral
# longharryimagine # imagine it's a friday night and you find yourself watching the notebook , again . you just http URL	neutral
hlw salman brother	neutral
the dream which has been revealed from the heart , is never broken . # shamitabh @ srbachchan @ Dhanushkraja	positive
after making this # pk movie , aamir khan's bomb is going to cross 3 marks .	negative
well , monsoon coming in from the north and the bomb squad down in midtown on the 15th . time to go .	neutral
he's my dad but . . we should never have allowed him to watch the entire match . . it's a pretty big feat . . lol	negative
my roomie has a decently hot girlfriend since 2 and a half years and he's never had sex . i thin i'm more disappointed than he is .	negative
congress is more happy about bjp loosing then it getting a zero ! # delhidecides	neutral
we ran on the deadline of the project , the rest of the time to " we'll have a lot of time " .	neutral
what dude we came to meet but you didn't meet us	neutral
hey what's up in the morning admin ? ? ? go and have a drink and drink too on the day	positive
brother will you marry or will you marry	negative
oh brothers of brothers .. sallu brother has no secret .. understand ?	positive
Are you not an actor with # donno1 ?	neutral
come to delhi this time also who didn't get majority to give winning ram mataji charge of delhi cm ... http : t . co jmsrsueini	positive
brother life jai bajrangbali your movie will surely be blockbuster	positive
free electricity , wifi and water from tomorrow . woohoo ! far from # bjpigs . # aapsweep # abhiki delhi # aapstorm	negative
# rail budget 2015 controlling land encroachment through digitisation of land records .	neutral
@ mrsgandhi @ chaitanya1309 people of bolne have shut their mouths # aapsweep	neutral
you start first i am with you sixty thousand miles	neutral
Can you speak Bengali ?	neutral
1316 . . # male friends how many workarounds do these hungry people also have , it was yesterday's talk , i was in the metro , there was a hungry man on rajiv Chowk , he wasn't leaning nor eating , i cried to him , my emotions awakened to him . i offered him my seat , he became very happy or became very sad . next station there was a sweet girl , she wore a garland , and came to eat . the hungry man offered him his seat , he had eaten it himself . he gave me a black smile . everyone was looking at me as if i had done some wrong thing . i felt so bad that i called him a thief , this is the age of old age , he didn't have a father , but he called me a son	negative
y jaan a beer bajyan a koro	neutral
fake , fake . this game was fixed earlier .	negative
come out on monday to watch the woman in black with the model un ! free entry ! concessions with donation ! ! # ssu # http URL	neutral
do good deeds in the river . you should be happy that by your leave two people can use that seat .	neutral
finished signing up for the sat and act	neutral
you did not fulfill your commitment your dilouge is wrong	negative
@ brother , you are from glass in your home , and you don't have firecrackers in your home . Munna # aapsweep	negative
fuck you , band that covered it on friday night , and fuck you ricky martin for existing in the first place you big jerk .	negative
Where are you , son of dog Salman Khan , where is your mother ?	negative
You got it .	neutral
father would have been like us ! but mr . sanjay is not a son , he is a corrupt ! he is in the promise of mr . sanjay ! delhi se delhi se delhi but first love mr . sanjay !	negative
No problem , you are a girl	neutral
I used to talk in the evening	positive
Or the games that are made of stiker are not there ?	negative
serving today : a top-class batting order against the best bowling attack in the world that goes by the name dale steyn . # indvssa # cwc15	positive
true varakum bhai	neutral
Hii bajrangi bhai jaan	neutral
pakistan approves liberalised visa accord with india - islamabad , nov 1 ( ians ) pakistan has approved a liberalised visa http URL	positive
Don't get into such complicated issues when you don't have the balls to face the consequences .	neutral
i do worry about the mentality of the average tweeter when i see jeremy kyle , and " christmas " trending on november 1st .	negative
# msgyouthicon a radiant smile and a heart of gold . housed in a body so powerfull and bold http : t . co erz8ujogl5 "	positive
i should've been guarding parker on that last play . he may have scored but i bet i would've been on the right side of the court .	neutral
?Ÿ ð ð lol lol lol lol	neutral
Some of the logs are despoiled on this page . People open profiles of girls replying and send requests to them .	neutral
come sir .... what is this ... we don't want to be like seniors .... i don't want to be like this .... - D	neutral
Han is very old	neutral
this will happen if you support gandhi and congressman	negative
rt @ abhay _ 1987 : even today i do not wake up after burning cigarettes . now don't wake up son # super budget " service tax " # union budget2015	positive
someone see or not we will surely go to watch your film	positive
@ someUSER right ! where is the 2nd vita heaven ? vita is a zombie right now . maybe sony is busy on the ps4 and just forgot about the vita .	negative
i see many asking this dumb ques ( so now cows are safer than the girls in india ) do women too get slaughtered in india .. # beefban	neutral
Ni yr .. I have acidity , brother .	neutral
thank god , valentines day is not on sunday-every indian male # worldcup2015 # indvspak	neutral
check out all of monday's highlights in 2:19 with the daily zap : http URL	neutral
L0ve y0urself spread l0ve .. it will make ppl fall in l0ve veed u .. *	neutral
isme unemployment new paper would also have beaten .	neutral
i once borrowed a ruler from a girl in my class , used it to measure my penis and returned it back to her	positive
come out and join us for the sia trek or treat , october 27th ! http / URL it's a fundraiser for the safe house !	neutral
do you think of anything other than reservation ?	neutral
Where is the project ?	neutral
the ending to the grey may be one of the most bad ass endings to a movie i've ever seen	negative
athens ( reuters ) - greek lawyers launched their defense of a prominent journalist on thursday charged with break .	neutral
government . mitch daniels will announce his indiana supreme court pick at 10 a . m . will the 3rd time be the charm for a female member of the panel ?	neutral
what will these guys do ?	neutral
where is this Lokpal	neutral
naughty girl	negative
# rail budget2015 malabhada bin vajha washed away , whoever didn't need it , he would have had to wash his garbage and wash his house .	neutral
my मनpassand channel dd national , country's own channel ,	positive
raleigh and fayette counties have been added to the winter storm watch from late sunday to late tuesday . higher http URL	neutral
what happened brother	neutral
you , idiot , hindu .	negative
varitek eager to learn on the job : newly appointed red sox special assistant jason varitek on friday reflected http URL	positive
rehearsal wedding for my kuj @somewer going on at pro bowl . big day is tomorrow !	positive
Next year	neutral
finally in bed . such a long day , but so much was accomplished . athens tomorrow ! !	positive
salman my life	positive
# opportunity to talk again # opportunity # indvssa # indwins	negative
very good	neutral
Show me	positive
@ gurmeetramrahim # msgrevolution # msgyouthicon today watch movie 3rd time . every time whenever see movie happiness increases	positive
everyone in the world beats salman khan	positive
boss , i have been waiting for you since morning . i want to talk to you . confession - P	neutral
ink faka they are history uncle # thankyou # kejriwal # aapsweep # 5saalkejriwal @ drkumarvishwas @ arvindkejriwal http : t .co ovbdsc0usa	positive
why didn't dhoni call ashwin : # indvssa	neutral
ma'am got beaten up it's a bad condition	negative
[ info ] taetiseo will perform on " love in asia " tomorrow (11 at 02 : 30pm ( gst ) , kbs will broadcast the concert on 13 november at 07 : 30pm	neutral
bc .. what a time has come hia ... human never got a chance like this	neutral
exactly ! ! its awesome way to celebrate ! ! ( y )	positive
gathering of crackers bager crackers	negative
delhi university confessions : do you even have facts , or do you dance in such darkness like this ?	neutral
@ Chatan _ Bhagat Kripaya Kiran Bedi ji don't see the attitude of leap , now you won't get a chance to debate # delhidecides	negative
sir , the amount of thinking you have , hi bara manifesto will be made . and also that , what will be the manifesto at the time of elections ?	negative
@ someUSER lmfao alright you got me there . good job parker and the spurs , see you all on jan 9th . if i gate an extra ticket to that game you goin	positive
go	neutral
I have opened your page from now	neutral
Did the tinde finish this time ?	neutral
rt @ solitarywinter : forgive me electricity and cheap water bjp congress both clean # aapsweep	neutral
Jerk ... you call god an item , what is the shame left ?	neutral
udbilao which new character is there today ?	neutral
No no	negative
kpop : will psy be the first korean to win a grammy ? : psy may qualify for the upcoming grammy awards . gangnam sty .	positive
whose brother life where brother life dog you are a nambar shatan , you only come in eid to spoil imman ,	negative
@ someUSER you bet ! and @ someUSER & amp ; i will have best seats in the house on mon .	positive
ॡॡॡॡॡ	neutral
fisherman sir , if you don't kill calves in pieces , then poor people don't have to ask for food .	negative
Delhi University Confessions dude , do you have facts too , or do you get beaten up in the same darkness ?	neutral
Morning	neutral
miss you brother	neutral
just finished rehearsing with @ someUSER - we are ready for the kendrick lamar show tomorrow , shout outs to wvu . http URL	neutral
@ gurmeetramrahim serving the country and the world is a sin , so this sin will last till the last breath . # blockbustermsg	neutral
with in astrology	neutral
keep it up , u r near to your goal	positive
@ someUSER i don't think cny will be hit too hard , but it may be utilized if there are any power outages # newhousesm4	positive
don't we have world cup again	positive
it's midnight on the east coast which means its @ someUSER birthday ! happy 20th birthday nick j !	positive
its not guddu's fault . he made a very bad sentence of prestige .	positive
super useful productive work . you could have made us useless lover's lights and brought them home .	neutral
@ someUSER yeaa im still looking smh . . . may have to go to the adidas store . the asian dudes wear em 24 .	neutral
Okay , you are a big man , but still remind me of some old days .	neutral
dhoni sir this is to world cup wining 6 . congrats	positive
rt @ reeteshanand : ttes to help senior citizens , differently abled and pregnant women obtain lower berths @ sureshpprabhu # rail budget2015	neutral
ðð	negative
want to play in the @ Somujar homecoming weekend beer pong tourney at jackie o's on sunday ? reply or dm that ! $16 per team !	neutral
brother , why do you do such a thing . my mother is sitting on the side . she won't be able to read the confsn . but she will go to social services . who will be responsible for making me cry . i have put # on it . please tell me .	negative
give him a call and tell him his worth ) dont west time posting it here ) all your parents need is a word to know how special they are for u )	positive
It's coming	neutral
U only shared here nd allowed lots of people to make fun of you ... ! -_-	neutral
Ohoho	neutral
rt @ india_hadal : real " winner " seems to be congi , who , sensing a total defeat , urged its voters to vote for you # delhidecides	neutral
an estimated worldwide tv audience of one billion will make it the most watched cricket match in history . # iccworldcup2015 # cricket # indvspak	positive
ð	neutral
# blockbustermsg anyone intersted to know which kind of work is done by dera Sach Sauda then he must watch # msg	neutral
tennessee tech's steve payne says murray state does things the right way - oct 24 @ 6:31 pm et http URL	neutral
Amit ji have you become south African ?	neutral
this is the exact sentence that is better than bajrangi skta .	positive
ha ha ha ha . . seems like kachua sir denied prestige : p	neutral
don't worry she's a girl that's why i said i am a human ...	neutral
wish you were eating @ jackie o's today ? come to the appalachian health summit saturday for delicious jackie o's lunch , & amp ; health workshop :)	positive
boss , give me a holiday :)	neutral
rt @ cricketer : sakshi maharaj asked to give birth to 4 children , not 4 seats . delhi people behaved wrongly . # delhiside	neutral
please call me please pls	neutral
@ gurmeetramrahim # msgrevolution # msgyouthicon all impssible things are made pssible by msg .. just watch it once .. you will definitly support it	neutral
Take $ from	neutral
How is it brother ?	neutral
i remembered laddu from this photo : d :)	neutral
today's party is on brother's side	positive
@ gurmeetramrahim # msgincinemas spent the whole night thinking about tomorrow's poona , kejda getting ready to go , hooting crown come , dance crown come	neutral
leave today	positive
your marriage is like hitting a mat	neutral
Same story - ( confessor you can contact me if you want maybe we will share our problms !	neutral
No no tell me	neutral
no i also didn't ask	neutral
lately , every day is an existential crisis where i am in a moral dilemma choosing between spending my last few rupees on alcohol or dog .	positive
competition mirror is a spelling mistake :)	negative
I will accept it	neutral
@ gurmeetramrahim # msgincinemas chand how did i meet your face with the stars , i have never seen this face , i have never seen any stars , i am crazy about you	positive
love you very much salman	positive
the joy of dude's daddy . :)	neutral
yes , lv u sallu bhaijan ...	positive
even though india is victorious , luncher sir eats with fun .	positive
da big bash thing work ? try big bear hug ? daat stuff my friend never fails ;)	neutral
happy valentines day ? say what ? is it feb 14th already ?	positive
Sallu bro , have you slept ?	neutral
Days Joy	positive
flop . tired moviee . bigg flop [	negative
ppp model chirman in rajasthan is lalit modi	neutral
these people eat so much tym that they don't care about us	neutral
Admin , you won't teach people how to fight . You have been taught this by Tuen Modi . I asked you to let us fight on the congress page . You didn't agree .	neutral
protest against the mitch daniels purdue presidential nomination tomorrow @ loeb theater 2:30 pm . bring a friend ! # soapurdue	negative
come here , bring fresh jalebi to eat now # indvssa # cwc15 @ neelaneel @ kanika0506 @ pooja __ g @_ wickedlygood @ prachisoni58	neutral
bjp i have dreamed of becoming a government in delhi for 15 years . this dream will never come true . # aapfundingscam # mycmkejriwal # personalattack	negative
i am a fan of yours sixty jacqueline	positive
the first coolamon rodeo is coming up on November 17 ! a great day of action and a fun day for the family ! http URL	positive
i would have written it in uriya .. i understood that too but this also didn't come	neutral
brother , you wouldn't have given us a lift . we are not lark	negative
how many years did this happen	negative
that's seriously too much . . from where money is going to come ? delhi account is already in loss , everything free is bad choice for sustainable growth .	negative
Comment I am tired of talking , come brother	neutral
rt @ deepdeepak4 : @ gurmeetramrahim # msgyouthicon great movie everyone should watch it	positive
Wil try friend	neutral
rt @_ high _ five : girls , you can't have bf now # beefban	negative
light of 1 . 50 hrs	neutral
Amit ga aur shan's expression is awesome . It seems like time expend krna in most waters .	positive
@ cleviic : let it rain fast . 2 down # indvspak it's raining mustard seed . your wish is fulfilled .	neutral
2 rd of our population is below 35 , to ensure employment we have to aim to make india the manufacturing hub # union budget2015 # budget2015	neutral
this is the launcher after deno	neutral
this is not everything exal and coral have all formula and short cut that has to be remembered	neutral
sir you must have increased me in advance	positive
sushis + rafa on the accha = best way to end this sunday . #ð :-)	positive
hey wifi isn't there	neutral
this is politically correct move by # aap first refused support and amp ; did exactly the opposite . # aapsweep # aapstorm . http : t . co h7elc0qgw1 .	positive
@ someUSER i am sooo glad we don't have school monday , imaaa sleep all day man . " we don't !	positive
hope to see new age politics # aapsweep the ball is now in the court of # paanchsaalkejriwal . congress delhi !	positive
course salman , how do you think ?	neutral
saala used to come free .	positive
afc away fans on saturday . all this stuff about the ' she said no ' chant . it's bollocks . when he has the ball , just turn your back on him .	negative
say	negative
why are you ruining your country's money .. you have not travelled around your country .. you have gone to travel to a poor country .. some work you will not be able to do Modi sir ..	negative
she never was in love with you .. she was just a friend of yours .. normal college friend ... valuable suggestion for you is you cant do anything with her , she is not some thing or object .. she is still your friend n will be .	neutral
dtn Kazakhstan : : capello ill tweak lineup for azerbaijan game coach fabio capello said monday he will tweak the . . . http URL	neutral
come sir .... what happened ? we don't talk like this to seniors .... i mean we didn't give it .... - D ...	positive
when atal ji gave gold pledge , he brought it to india . but in spite of grt economist hone manmohan got the opportunity to burn gold pledge .	neutral
Or number day	neutral
Gud mrng bhai	positive
i thought this used to happen in my own school . . i guess everyone is the same !	positive
or play pakistani players ... this will be the situation .... # indvsuae	negative
everday barking dogs bark against # msgyouthicon online but buddy lion @ gurmeetramrahim is on his way of human welfare without caring .	negative
I am from IIT and here also there is a thief in hostels + en _ suffix .	negative
salmaaaan ........ bhaijaan ... long live	positive
now the things they are spoiling have been spoiled by people who are just abusing because humanity is no more fair # beefban devendra fadnavis	positive
he has to go to sleep	neutral
@ Somusar bro , all confirm going to Sijin tomorrow ?	neutral
said ? ?	neutral
No , brother .	neutral
the statements you made against muslims because of hatred are wrong	negative
I was Rajan but I had to change my identity because I joined RAW . My mission is over so I am back to Rajan ;)	positive
the last lecture of the day on a monday to me is like pancake day for fat kids # dreamy	positive
charles dickens may just have been in another life . # thisisme http URL	neutral
you will read this long time . please reduce the number of comments on this poster .	neutral
my salman khan	positive
. . . i wish it had happened like this	positive
you are also mad , even the villager of channal	negative
Lactur attend kro lol	neutral
today match against ach ljubljana , 2nd game in the champions league !	neutral
going to the grammys first entertainment law breakfast here in nyc tomorrow ! i'm so excited . one step closer .	positive
@ someUSER saturday i buy my ticket for the # tmhtour in belgium ! i'm so happy ! ! ! !	positive
assallu alikum salman brother don't like people who don't laugh	negative
white arrows play the earl on october 9th with family of the year and the new cassettes . don't miss this . http URL	neutral
let's go . let's live long . now let's go for chicken . # beefban	neutral
oh sir	neutral
ha ha . . . : d brother you are mast creative banda . : d aand " magherilal " : d : p	positive
this guy is almost running out of jail	negative
if you live in the south orŸ area , be on the lookout . @ someUSER has its 6th site opening on october 30th near the florida mall !	positive
120 days prior to ticket booking is the only disappointing thing about the # rail budget2015 . it will encourage ' agent mafia ' again .	negative
when he left laft gujarat , modi left rasa 21 lakh for the wedding of his personal staff's daughters and that was out of his own savings # aapsweep	neutral
world best pm narendra modi ji my brother is great	positive
Will you get beaten up again ?	neutral
this post is worth sharing	positive
getting ready for # indvspak . its like getting ready for marriage .	neutral
Take it , it won't happen .	neutral
# you win shattered myth of # modi ' s invincibility : @ aapyogendra http : t .co lyworqod8e # aapstorm # aapsweep # abhiki delhidecides	negative
if @ someUSER holds the wwe title until the royal rumble , he will have held the title for 434 days . making him the 6th longest reign .	neutral
aston villa midfielder karim l ahmadi will miss saturday's trip to sunderland through suspension following his fifth booking of the season .	neutral
hahahaly ! ! only lucky kids got dis chance :- P	positive
jai shri krishna god ji always keeps you happy	positive
wicketkeeping done pitajik , glow's pihan used to get a good fee	positive
fuck halloween . fuck thanksgiving . fuck my birthday . fuck christmas , the new year , valentines , st . patrick's , april fools . fuck all of that .	negative
just met with k , banjo player in @somewer come out to neighborhood theatre on june 23rd for the concert ! you won't want to miss it ! !	positive
Yes , when did I say that you will meet when I will cry .	positive
last day of work at walgreens tomorrow ! * cries tears of joy *	positive
salman brother i will watch the movie you are in	positive
now india will do thrill	negative
hey girl how are you , delete the request	negative
@ Somusar we usually get president's day in february before 2 wks for spring break in march . that'll be it til may 31 for summer break .	neutral
v . true yt aunty annoyn : will you remember childhood betrayal :(	negative
piddi is the first song from # shamitabh http : t . co 0p7n4sqctq	neutral
of course it's aston villa . played them off the park on saturday . bring it on !	neutral
do you know who your nephew is ? mahain .. moo'rakh , good morning ! devendra fadnavis # beefban	neutral
how much h	neutral
second last show of the season , 19th annual gift of art , with the artists of the # kanata civic # art # gallery . stop in ! http URL	neutral
salman brother its awesome but you are abusing	neutral
* raises hand * rt @ Somujar " tomorrow " by the winans is on mihar so heavy this morning . wonder who needs to hear it !	neutral
gourd is hitting mother , after that hello gourd	negative
@ someUSER watching the mayor of iqaluit and elizabeth may square off ( on twitter ) is quite the sight .	neutral
yu . . hopefully runman ep 91 with eng sub will be out by tuesday . . . can't wait to watch it ! ! ! go go go yooruce विलis . . . u go to sleep jjang ! !	positive
dude .	positive
salman khan sir i have heard you come to pakistan	neutral
rt @ mannat088 : @ gurmeetramrahim # msgincinemas wowww world weight day world love msg day lover .. wowww woow woow woow woow woow woow woow woow woow chadigarh	neutral
this is the acting , oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh	neutral
it's awesome bro . remind me of school summer vacation .	positive
baap doesn't blow in two winds . .	negative
Bro , will you talk to me ?	neutral
@ kinjealous # indvssa that is also not of any use . because pakistanis will come tomorrow .	negative
judge brother . you make us remember our sins .	negative
Bro , where are you ?	neutral
love love you love you salman ji	positive
delhi bedi ki	neutral
very correct	neutral
Sallu , what did you write ? I understood something .	neutral
rt @ vivekshahi0022 : this day should be announced as आम man's day . # delhidecides # delhisho	neutral
rubbish news . are all the rest rubbish ?	negative
pls make a call	neutral
# bjpcongresssaaf # ak49plus # now5saalkejriwal # delhidecides # aapsweptdelhi http : t .co lqp7nvxf01 @ arnabgoswami _ tan sir look at this lolzzzz	positive
hello new year brother	positive
master ji while doing homework notebook left	neutral
hahaha . . . ma'am used to forget homework at home	neutral
when will you come	neutral
pawan lalul ji ka bhatijo ka liye # rail budget2015 i have nothing to do	negative
who's appearing at the houston livestock show and rodeo come march ? that is , other than george strait ? http URL	neutral
Ohh , Gudu didn't have to take a part in the play . That's the kind of work that humra Gudu can't do .	negative
# happybirthdayjustinbieber trending ahead of # union budget2015 . shame on you # middleclass	negative
what a nice performance .	positive
rt @ ani _ news : nitin gadkari : your monkey got beaten up in lok sabha , now your monkey will also be beaten up in delhi	negative
highlight of # rail budget2015 # sureshprabhu @ sureshpprabhu @ anandibenpatel @ narendramodi all of thanks http : t . co 8tdn2vwq	neutral
how can arnab give 9 to # union budget 2015 by @ arunjaitley is still a mystery <3 rejected by markets , common man ! @ timesnow explain ?!!!	negative
wow ! as beautiful as the song , utnihi is beautiful and sweet voice .	positive
I think he just wants to discharge some sort of bodily fluid in your presence ... and tear-ducts seem to be culturally-permissible in your opinion . . oh that's what it boils down to !	neutral
# Sararika click my pic with @ aksharahaasan1 just b4 the screening @ shamitabh premier before a star is born today ... http : t . co tt2mxzn1wg	neutral
jai ho	positive
hamam . . . . . my dear son . . . how much fun i get . . . good boy . . :-)	positive
what happened today in class	positive
baby now itz allready 4.06 com not waiting ..	neutral
nihil brother , look at this little guy .	positive
all tied at 14 after 1st qtr , murray state with ball in red zone	neutral
@ someUSER there was no handshake aainkatle ? also when i come in tomorrow i expect my new schuh tee you ordered to be there . good girl	positive
friend , what happened ?	neutral
a round-up of friday's world cup qualifiers as fabio capello's russia beat :) and sweden edge past the faroes	neutral
how many days have salman brother stayed	neutral
m best actress	positive
This page has become boring after that Gandalf's joke .	negative
on whatsapp	neutral
hiee sallu brother .. . how .. brother ... i have lost my lotus in bollywood industry	positive
it's amazing , no girl has solved the sum of blackboard till now .	negative
@ someUSER i may have an android phone by the time i get back to school ! :)	positive
fb stats show that we have crossed 15 , 000 unique page views ! time to crack open a nice bottle of single malt and enjoy :)	positive
capello bemoans language barrier in russia : russia coach fabio capello spoke monday of his frustration at the la . http URL	negative
in beautiful childhood , master's dreams were fulfilled	negative
hey .. don't need to be upset ... it's your life .. i thought you gave birth a long time .. but they are not even able to breathe . so y u ...	positive
knowing the political consequences of # landacquisitionbill , the government led by @ narendramodi is committed to pass it !	neutral
thief , love you , dog , lover .	negative
Watsapp h no	neutral
guid लक ji .. may god give you all the happiness .. may you forget us but we will always be with you even after we are dead .. may god bless you	positive
guddu is also following the footsteps of great people , wherever he wants to show talent , he has not shown it , the rest he wants .	negative
just like this	neutral
who else is excited to see the boys on startalk tomorrow ?	positive
i want to go watch denzel's new movie tomorrow ! someone take me .	neutral
vote for aam aadmi party	positive
good counter . empty bank account . lol	neutral
nfl commissioner roger goodell says he may cancel the pro bowl : http URL would you care if there was no pro bowl ?	negative
sir don't want to disappoint uae fans so give them a six . # cwc15 # indvsuae	neutral
Hi bizy man , you will talk like us , congratulations to you . I wish you SMG a lot plz plz bye .	positive
if a band or a stable fails , then there is sorrow , if a friend comes first then there is more sorrow . # aapsweep # aapstorm http : t . coŸelclzky	negative
the most diffucult thing in contra is exploding pull over .	neutral
true axelent bhai jaan ( y )	positive
I dont believe that this confession has made by a " GIRL " ... this should not have happened to you friend , it is wrong ... no one should have been with you , everyone should have been spiritual and then you should have left a lot of marks on your face ... > (	positive
go around roaming around , help us , think about us . i haven't got help yet .	negative
what brother are you framing come fast	neutral
☺☺☺☺	neutral
# union budget2015-16 : no change in # incometax rates finance minister arun jaitley announced that there will be no ... http : t . co izwquzsi2h	neutral
Sallu brother come to Patiala for promotion of your film .	neutral
no problem brother	negative
when this guy is working , he is taking the table . since he became india's pm , he is coming from the tab . great man in the world . best pm in the world . only one on one .	positive
son , if you want a good life like this , then don't go around with girls . they make you a fool .	negative
hahaha	neutral
photo : fab find ! jason wo satin scarlet clutch at off 5th ! whoop whoop ! ( taken with instagram ) http URL	positive
he got a threat	neutral
bajrangi bhaijan eid mubarak in advanc on your movie 450cr because you are grate and smart hero of bollywood	positive
at the first grammy awards , held on 4 may 1959 , domenicoŸgno beat out frank sinatra and peggy lee for the record of the year , with volare	neutral
where are you farigh people , where are you sending requests ?	neutral
ma'am i was happy playing games like ninja turtles , street fighter , car race and mario who had the team to focus on baki games	positive
@ someUSER hi bob . ' m fine . tomorrow is a holiday here , all souls ' day ' n the 15th republic day , another holiday . brother i'm a little busy .	neutral
icse 10th me last din projects were made by mummy : d	positive
now mujoa ra ha lol	positive
Salu brother , your move will surely be a hit bajrangi Bali . ! Whoever has god with him , no one can do anything for him . !	positive
guddu's master's curse	negative
anna ji please talk to baat mutually . you are also spoiling your image	negative
That too will get reduced to $ from the rajavi chouk	neutral
excited about the bump in ram for raspberry pi . such a nice surprise for a monday .	positive
Hey brother .	positive
Khan said to Salman Khan , for Bhaijaan's heart	positive
hey hey ! match day ! charged up and ready to watch boys in action with buddies ... # bringiton # indvsuae # cwc2015 # bleedblue	positive
india teem me what are you	neutral
nadal confirmed for mexican open in february : rafael nadal is set to play at the mexican open in february , . . . http URL # tennis	neutral
great babulal meena	positive
ma'am also does something fat most of the tme : p : p	positive
see friends salman brother how much reply is this late	positive
hey play boy i am not a little girl	neutral
good luck to scouser & amp ; soon to be klitschko destroyer @someUSER in the echo against @ someUSER - ' tonichet on 12th career '	positive
@ atulkasbekar @ ankurtewari please explain to governments what to do to make people eat upset food . # beefban	neutral
only gloves were useful : d : d	positive
Faku's false campaign has started again . Faku has planted a bush of lies .	negative
How can this happen ? . . . . Man , you should have posted the confession you made .	neutral
hi salman i'm samir baloch in balochistan i'm biggggg fan of you	positive
you do lotus , pappu ji . call me , i'll go .	neutral
today's also cancelled like this	negative
Salman khan will come online tomorrow after meeting me	neutral
# aapsweep delhi elections becoz they promise reduce power price and i can sleep peacefully in ac . # aapstorm # delhidecides z-plus modi	positive
go	neutral
# blockbustermsg . oh my god my god	neutral
Gm mam ð	neutral
Please frinds dont send me massges any body need solution of their problem just call me	neutral
salman salman	neutral
brother why do you see your dreams brother we are just your fans	negative
ma'am jaot don arvind sharma	neutral
no train will stop in bombay from now only mumbai will stop train # rail budget2015 # celebtrains	neutral
calgary tomorrow for the first meet of the season ! can't wait to get some early racing done # altitude # paceit	positive
Bro , please talk to me . Break my heart .	neutral
who wants to see maya rudolph sing prince with my thursday night	neutral
yr u supud move on nau . or someone doesn't deserve someone's w8 , or someone doesn't deserve a rock . b e dont undrstnd ypplewant a physical relation . bina intimate b salo salo haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa :	negative
since when did dude get so taught that he got betrayed by a threat just once	negative
you are amazing .	negative
the thing to say is that you call us and we don't come # Bhaijan	neutral
Superp brother .	positive
like larry bird in the ole ' 3pt contest . . . tonight at the alfred e . smith dinner # romney went 1st and absolutely crushed it . # obamafailed	positive
do you want to take science ?	neutral
fisherman , look at your legs , you'll get used to acting , then what's the joke ?	neutral
jlin had a nice little bounce back game tonight , hopefully he gets back into his linsanity groove by tussee	positive
if you know about osho so pk movie is easily understand by you	neutral
music of the sun , a girl like me , good girl gone bad , rated r , loud , talk that talk and finally _Ÿ ?	neutral
Pradeep Tiwari is special to you .	neutral
# torchlight2 comes out tomorrow . torchlight is in my list of best games of all time . i like it better than diablo iii . 2 promises more .	positive
how much time did you take	positive
So what tea do you have ?	neutral
Yes , you are the one ..	negative
jul 82 uk heavy metal band judas priest release their 8th album screaming for vengeance , with the single " you've got another thing comin " .	neutral
How are you	neutral
Final Ma'am Gudu , hit him with your face completely . He will win by 10 runs .	positive
Now the first comment to me was . . . Gudu bro , you only broke it every time , who was the first one to do it :(	positive
saale gave a heavy dose day	negative
Yes , what you said , not every girl is the same . There are some girls who are dependent on money . But not all boys are like this . 50% boys and girls are traitors .	neutral
Will you work or not ?	neutral
brother i swear on bajrang bali that you come	neutral
fifa is weird sometimes : you may remember the fifa 12 video where andy carroll starting trying to hump iker casi . http URL	neutral
today pakistan's breaking news " india attacked pakistan 11 dead and 4 injured " # cwcfantasy # indvspak # myteammyworldcup	neutral
mizzou beats kentucky 2-1 ! tigers advance to face top-seed florida in the semis on friday at 6:30 pm .	positive
Not at all	negative
and this goes beyond gurdu's bapu boundry .	negative
e may ask my doctor for ambien on election night . i'd rather sleep through it and hope i wake up to footage of mitt crying over his loss .	negative
now dobra vote and bjp won't lose even 7 seats jai rajasthan	negative
your answer is not good , what a day , the fun of bathing in a bich on scooter might not have been found in any of my shoes .	positive
now i celebrate eid , why do you keep ramzan's fast ? when you keep ramzan's fast , it will come .	positive
Now there is only one thing to say kolkata jardi na plz	neutral
# landacquisitionbill after eating #ndtv , bjp was told about prithvi raj . he told us about his ears . you will say , " you are my friend . "	neutral
india is my foot why do you abuse pakistanis why are pakistanis fooling you	negative
Bro , you are firing on my younger brother .	neutral
ha ha . . . at the end of the dream this very famous boy drowned the name of his family . . now no one will say look at this boy of sharma . . and you are one . . . ha ha	negative
@ someUSER @ someUSER # surface the florida mall , orŸ , fl is the closest $ msft store to me . ;-) can't wait to be there tomorrow !	positive
what are you doing ..	neutral
this time your government	negative
liKe my frIend sharad bhagat singh college confession page...... https://twitter.com sbsecconfessions ? refid = 5	neutral
Is it a project of Html css php typeg ?	neutral
brother bajrangi bhaijan is like hitting mothers	positive
See the level of people doing phd , i don't know what shit they will teach to students ?	neutral
gautam has become winnr since day one .	positive
contra end to l power ? guddu's version of handicapped match . : p	negative
no muslim will go to watch this dog's filam	negative
what admin , you said confession for the first time today and you didn't post it	negative
on the occassion	neutral
facebook heir ? time to choose who manages your acc ... http : / / t .co jingletmeetv # facebook # aapsweep # blog # delhidecides # update # technology # geek	neutral
No sister those people didn't come	negative
# asimplelife opens tomorrow at lee's 4-star in san fran - roger ebert called it one of the year's best films " http URL	neutral
Rajat Srivastavabhai it is a sin to get up in the middle of the match	neutral
@ someUSER he's on the plane to amsterdam now , bet he's not in class tomorrow	neutral
the win would have been no better without # indvspak on twitter .. cheers to all indian fellow mates ... and the game is still on pak	positive
I said it	neutral
i don't want to wait for you thief	neutral
the epic insult when u ask - may i come in sir ? and someone from staffroom says - no	negative
now you are not worth trust	negative
Yes , I was very happy .	negative
go hug her n say sory . tel herhu much u love her :) thats it . . . go 4 a date wid her	positive
talking of bond & amp ; skyfall , variety , the children's charity is holding the premiere on nov 7th at sylvia park . tickets @ http URL	neutral
@ someUSER and then both teams took dumps in the 2nd round of the big dance , ku flaming out against ucla , mizzou losing to northern iowa .	neutral
i don't like kohli sir	negative
whose pic is this ? ?	neutral
achi nature k boys hi friend requst send	positive
only aap , , , , aap , , , aap , , , aap . , vote for aap aap aap only aap janta is jaanti hai . vote for honest government . only aap janta rocks other party shocks , salute aap ji , , , , , , , , , , , , jai hind . vote only you you vote only you	positive
Now if there is a bat at home , then we are agreeing to make fun of it .	neutral
theo walcott is still shit , watch rafa and joni deal with him on saturday .	negative
F	neutral
brother you got everyone's comments but i want to tell you that you come to my house on eid and eat sewanya and tell you something very important i will wait for your reply	neutral
brother all your movies are supar . i watch all your movies . i wish i could meet you once .	positive
there is no word for gurgaon in this conversation mr	neutral
as i'm watching candyman i realize that its it not scary at all ! kinda funny or it may be the liquor either way i'm crazy	positive
how many days will it happen	neutral
cross examination - you get unlimited life in mario and how to get it ?	neutral
bhai unblock them atleast that which is not fake	positive
rt @ abhishkinku : get a chance to burst crackers ! get a chance ! # india # cwc15 # opportunity # indvssa	positive
rt @ happychopra2311 : @ gurmeetramrahim # msgyouthicon lovely pick papa how much are you sleeping love you papa	positive
Bloody Government Employees - sorry , the chance you gave me was awesome . You deserved it .	negative
modi ji is doing so much rubbish	positive
Thatt ka tx rx or modem control was left last time right . I have finished it . Then I will start ARM direct .	neutral
As long as the chips packet is burnt , his hand will keep moving : D	positive
hey try something like meeting ladu twice . chabad chabad ! ! !	positive
delhi assembly ( legislative assembly ) election results 2015 http : t . co j1joz7me4f via @ nandishchothani # aapsweep # delhidecides	neutral
we are blessed with tiger biscuits : d : d	positive
Osm pic sallu	positive
are you crazy .. i don't feel like laughing .	neutral
garbage bin post some marriage stories , fight with neighbours , lost trip wagerah too .	neutral
#333 I have peed in the SAC swimming pool several times after realizing that a lot of swimmers do it ...	negative
Make your home in such a school .	positive
rt @ poojasachdeva64 : all songs of msg are wonderful songs are sung , composed and written by @ gurmeetramrahim # msgyouthicon	positive
so much sense that i don't understand	neutral
kaj opened sir's factory today bombay police revealed	negative
Read hindu then :( . Switch papers , what was the point in confessing	neutral
hello salman khan . you are amazing .	neutral
hey ... everyone's dream ... correction ... everyone's dream ... study like this in school	positive
Sharma ji's son and l power .	neutral
great work mr . jaitley , well balanced # union budget2015	positive
they better take jo pa to the pet semetary . . . they may never win agdin	negative
Vai always we love you , oh oh my god you will never do anything that hurts whoever .... always Vaijan r8 or whoever does it is whoever does it .	positive
i am your " tanks " mera favourite . . because there was nothing else . . . : d	positive
@ shaziailmi ma'am , we won't be able to do it with you ! go to sleep ! instead of overtimeing to expose you , think about the welfare of delhi people	negative
lauryn hill's going to be at constitution hall on november 4th & i'm in there like swimwear ! ! !	neutral
eleanor says she's going to practice squat peeing in the shower for tomorrow	neutral
his soul got peace	neutral
perfect weather to finish a great week . saw noel fielding's show on thursday at the ath . meeting him would have made the week perfect !	positive
rt @ indiatoday : ' semi bullet trains in two years ' - suresh prabhu # rail budget2015 http : t . co 0d3uitbk56 http : t . co 9dmlbwhikw	neutral
Father handled the match at the right time . No , the match went by hand :)	positive
salman brother everyone wants to meet you but i don't want to meet you . i pray to god that if i don't get bing human trust then i won't be able to help my family . i pray to god .	positive
Salman is a thief .	negative
Superb brother .	positive
trailer ma'am salman khan is not there you won't see	neutral
i think i may be the only person around not excited that beyonce is the half time performer for the superbowl .	negative
As soon as he gets older , I will come to meet him .	neutral
i swear boss is not # bigboss ! ! ! : p	negative
sneak peek : check out the 12 freebies you can get at cvs on black friday ! link in the first comment :	positive
friend internet is very slow here . sorry	negative
because lastg tymg toh	neutral
what's the difference in a " vow " URL and a " promise " URL @ someUSER # tcot	neutral
turning farmers into indistrial labourers is not my kind of development . # landacquisitionbill	negative
acta gets the ax . wrote about him and other managers on the hot seat on tuesday http URL	negative
jimi kimmel live - axl rose , part 1: part 1 of jimmy kimmel's interview with axl rose . added : thu oct 25 11:02:2 . . . http URL	neutral
have you picked up your december issue of wdc yet ? it includes a full in-depth review of nikon's d600 , http URL	positive
what are you saying that you will make musalman's songs ring brother hit kroga this is the truth ..	neutral
maharani laxmi bhai , taiya tope , subhashchandra bose , azad , bhagat etc are the true leaders	positive
one man down 9 more to go come on team blue . smash the green color # indiavspakistan # indvspak # iccworldcup2015	neutral
atlast he this young man	positive
evening i'll have a party and that party'll be named angelo's 18th " yes after 2 more years . i just turned sixteen eggs i'm a college student	positive
Now , you are talking about everything bro .	neutral
Anna's movement was successful because of rss . Why did you go to rally with nahi mata ? It became flop .	negative
i used to spend 5 min on see saw in park	neutral
why are you not replying :(	neutral
if you are celebrating challange for aar musalman , then why did you come ? bro , why did you come ?	negative
even if you get the news of a muslim , you always give bad news to your friends and relatives in the middle . crazy media	negative
oh today after opening google i'm feeling lucky i will click pr for sure	positive
i wish i could study contra , then no teacher would be annoyed and no one would have said this teacher is not related to the topic . oh my god .	positive
wow what a talk	positive
if jenelle comes to the game tomoro . . . i'll add # missherlots # itsbeentolong # mybaby	negative
I used to hide chalk left over , so that I had to go to take bar bar .	neutral
i love you toooo soooo mache salman khan	positive
chalk , making designs on the chair was fun :) after seeing the designs on the back , it was fun	neutral
hits	neutral
dr . mohamed morsi announced as egypt's first elected president after the glorious 25th of jan revolution .	neutral
@ someUSER yea gibbs to score the 4th for afc still	neutral
mr . pm , great atmospahre to be there	neutral
salman ji do you also believe in eid mubarak please tell me please	neutral
@ gurmeetramrahim # blockbustermsg conrats father , it will be a fight .	neutral
listen friend . show guddu's gf sometime	neutral
i think every friday i am going to tweet : y degrasi tonight . # getusedtoit	neutral
guddu needs a smart phone : p	positive
everyone wake up salman brother will come at 10 o'clock	neutral
brother i was in the same situation in 2003 . . on the second day of match economics paper . .	neutral
maam :(	neutral
Respected sir , you are the hope of whole India today . You have shown the whole world a new dawn . Take out your smoke too .	positive
dog ..	negative
yes ..	neutral
people of delhi be careful . this kejriwal is an agent . he will नीलm delhi's hands .	negative
wicket will fall in next over on retweeting this post . prayers for india # indvssa http : t .co goblet	negative
@ pk movie , nice movie & amp ; very interesting movie .... http : t .co ohzejgmygn	positive
I bought the book brother .	neutral
@ creativesrj there are thousands of hindus too crying over # beefban . your cartoon reference again exposes that hidden sanghie strain !	negative
salman i am not up	neutral
today i watched pk movie .. its simple a second part of omg	neutral
with mohd shami's mild knee injury , finally # bhuvi will come into action ! @ bhuviofficial # indvsuae	neutral
just # watched dream high 2 episode 1 , i'll watch it tomorrow for next episode .	positive
where did you vanish ?	neutral
sa but they have really good music and it's a very sad thing that mitch lucker died may he rest in peace # ripmitchlucker	negative
silently listen shahrukh's signature style performed and shahrukh's response	negative
hogs to crow . yes no	negative
And who are you ?	positive
you sleep and your guf srcc's ... bingo combination ... p	neutral
brother what fun , it's already 4.6	negative
u gags are lyk sweet boxes . . it opens all the sweetness of childhood .	positive
@ Somusar follow @ Somusar and meet her on november 26 , she'll be at the bell center by 4:00 pm . please fredo .	neutral
all 49'ers fans , go vote for @ someUSER for the 2013 pro bowl . http URL you may vote as many times as you like .	neutral
modi is an actor . he is a kohlian . he is a joker . he will make fun of common people .	negative
you are 19 already and you are single till now .. you went to play a girl in 4th , please find someone else ;) you won't think this is love	negative
पाक forage after life <3	positive
@ someUSER - if you let him play his game and realize you have an oversize cammalleri and not a todd bertuzzi , he may bounce back .	positive
Bro , you make everyone mad .	negative
how are you	positive
@ Somusar we have melbourne cup , woop thats a fab horse racing day & amp ; we have christmas , easter , good friday , australia day , idk heaps haha	positive
#313 I got dumped after 6 years . Feel like shit . Really on the verge of being suicidal . Anyone got any suggestions ?	negative
I used to be backwards , my mother agreed to give money and my father would give it to me on my birthday .	negative
Bro , do you have a girlfriend ?	neutral
November 3rd-norfolk , va-norva theatre ( nos only ) november 4th-washington , dc - dar constitution hall . . . . . . for you concert seekers out there !	positive
teaching , then rehearsing . show with the gnr tribute band this friday in cranston , riot mardis gras !	neutral
hello from dublin ! tomorrow we're playing at the button factory . onstage at 9 , but if you come for @ someUSER at 8 , you won't regret it !	positive
hey tune ifmrg debateg mung's brother	neutral
brother do you have work .. i also have work after a few days i have to go to plzz tution :(	neutral
rbba sch a lujar . . . nibjit kejey has come to celebrate dusro's har . . . oh these people	negative
sir ji i am kisi .. we were watching aak flim on a very bad day .. your movie bajrangi bhaijan will definitely burn .... we love you . salman sir ....	positive
too early to say this friends . lets not celebrate until the fat lady sings . :)	positive
Vanaf , his college graduation was just an exam . You made a lot of points , brother . - P who knows , you are the best girl in India . ;-)	neutral
they were ready to shake in the elections and they were ready to shake themselves	negative
what pride do you give to yourself you give challage to musalman now see we musalman also have some work to do	negative
if she ws frm SRCC i would have liked to meet Oxford again !	negative
even though # india played its # rule , everyone got betting : p # indvsuae # cwc15	neutral
when playing a double player in contra , when someone's move was lost , it was better to press the button of someone's move to remove the move of the partner .	positive
today there is so much security on the road that people don't even want to get out of their homes . . . . ;)	negative
freedom freedom and freedom in no way	neutral
this post deserves infinite likes .	positive
Salman brother , these comments are coming on bajrangi bhaijan . Don't watch this movie .	negative
remove gandhi . save congress . go to varna museum . # aapsweep	negative
smile if you meet me	negative
Bro , it's about 5 now . When you're free , come to the tab . I can wait for you . I'm a big fan .	positive
no brother .. it starts from 0	positive
i agree .. the system is inefficient n relentlessly playing wid students careers	negative
Maggi shaggi to eat some ash ?	neutral
bring rahul to delhi , save her . but now what is the alternative to save her ? - @ sudhirchaudhary . # aapsweep .	neutral
which took you a lot of days	neutral
ha hahaha . . . 4 games and their repeat	neutral
did you forget committ cr ..	positive
the priests of airs will die after marriage . if he will die after marriage then what will he do later ?	neutral
he had so much work to do with krishna that he got tired doing so much # indvsuae	neutral
hi hi hi , even in the midst of his father , lamber sir is eating : p : p epic :)	positive
salman brother i am waiting for you till now	positive
salmaan sir i want to meet you plz sir	neutral
# shamitabh update - @ srbachchan learns # tamil for promotions in # Chennai west @ Dhanushkraja - हटप : t . co toblabnehl http : t . co 4k1lltn8c2	neutral
stereophonic sannata Phom shamitabh http : t . co b90pjlrrdq	neutral
indian ocean with @ someUSER got 1 . 4m viewers on sunday with repeated programme about somalia . more than double much trailed show on c4 .	neutral
just bought my 1st heineken beer in las vegas . ps i've lived here for 5 yrs ~ what took me so long ! http URL	negative
money , bjp is spending a lot of money	neutral
There is no problem	positive
someone will tell me when will the cutt off of du colleges form come	positive
I don't need it	neutral
# personally i watch # extratime on ss4 with @ someUSER mondays top class analysis who knows may the entire sa & lt ; loal & gt ; rt " @ someUSER	neutral
someone whose name is rahul and surname gandhi do not understand that you are trolled . # rahulonleave # rahulgandhi	neutral
tomorrow the field gets set for # daytona500 duels start 2pm on # speed all starts 10am with nationwide practice on # espn2 trucks at noon	neutral
will koi tell me what is the name of this red player ?	neutral
tomorrow swindon town have a date with aston villa . villa fans nervous ? # stfc	neutral
come out of these things and see something really good in life	positive
Just a bunch of hairs there	negative
It was so sweet and beautiful .	positive
Ha ha ha remember	neutral
Will you talk to me brother ? Give me this .	neutral
i am a thief	neutral
briliant mind .	positive
In India , humanity is still there . Very nice man .	positive
it's gone bad , brother . will you make it w8 ?	neutral
indian cricket is all about sharma's boy or sharma's girl	positive
I have received a mail from $ eng	neutral
sir come if you have some time please do something for the youth of this country .. for more information please msg me	neutral
@ gurmeetramrahim # blockbustermsg teri the whole world is crazy , you are the same , you are the same , you are beautiful , you are msg , you are msg	positive
salute great people . true dedication is the most precious path . salute to you	positive
harry redknapp is set to hold talks over the blackburn job on tuesday as he prepares for a return to management ( mail )	neutral
lotus's movie is surely smoke smoke smoke .. salman sir .... i love you	positive
see it's 4 already , you still have to come .	neutral
your coming film bajrangi bhaijan will be a hit	positive
what happened to your sister-in-law	neutral
nose also flows in the evening in the dumb .	neutral
ha ha , asshole , what did you say ?	positive
mainland police repatriate wanted fugitives to taiwan : police on the chinese mainland on thursday repatriated 10 . http URL	neutral
guddu's pillow made me smile , guddu's like ! !	neutral
assammu alikum bhaijan	neutral
mr . kejriwal will take the lead on 15th . Kiran ji has been elected leader of bjp . he will again make us cry .	positive
sometimes I used to remove chips from the centre and to turn the box	neutral
world cup will be awkward . we will lose and come after which we will lose and then ino's potla will be burnt . people , where are you ?	negative
There will be some work for the wool too .	neutral
is it a confession . yrs i didn't get my v till abhi (	negative
best part of everyone's life . mom always cares .	positive
i am so angry i will vomit in his mouth he will become very healthy dog #	negative
i grew up while watching @ srbachchan movies . i never saw his charm getting dull . he is truly a star . @ Dhanushkraja # shamitabh	positive
Your movie will flop .	negative
my mother is a thief . she is a thief in mumbai . if she is a thief then she is a thief .	negative
@ amitdangadhvi when you ash it clean , like your home # rail budget2015	positive
what imagination is the boy's : p	positive
Man , we will see it tomorrow in sixty .	negative
can't wait until april 7 going to siri in concert	positive
take flowers along with you in the school . . use flag garlands to decorate them . . :)	neutral
new zealand beat pakistan by 7 wickets .	neutral
bomber man my fav . . . in mario there was caste in the clouds too . . . 4 in 1 stil m havng nw . .	positive
@ hdfclife @ imvkohli very powerful shot .. virat kohli sang # myteammypride # indvsuae # cwc2015	positive
boss cool brother	positive
i'm working overtime to elect mitt . 50 radio appearances down the homestretch . on huckabee national radio on friday .	neutral
Ghazzab friend .	neutral
very soon police marching towards the crowd # ramdev supporters start marching towards ramlila ground # likeaboss	neutral
salman ji where are you plz come	neutral
We won't get votes . You will wear muslim cap that day .	negative
hey it would have been difficult to get top in such a school brother , we all were fadoo performers of the contra and maro :)	negative
# whereisrahul ? he is conducting crash course for @ shaziailmi and @ thekiranbedi on how to get into hiding after losing face # rahulonleave	neutral
beautiful so lovely pic nice photo	positive
Ha , hello , come brother . There is a lot of black gold . Where are you ?	positive
brother are you looking at your msg or not	neutral
jiggi b is your father	neutral
# indvspak is just another game of cricket . may the best team win . don't loose cool after the match ... let fans celebrate at will # cwc15	neutral
what was your smile msg plz tell please	neutral
delhi has voted for idealism without deciphering the ideology # delhidecides	neutral
@ someUSER we couldn't make it to jan though jan is 4 jan ! i'm a feb kid & amp ; if it coincides with the cny , i only get 1 ang bao ! bah !	neutral
My best wishes to the indian cricket team for todays match # indvspak	neutral
sure madam's son must have got that roll	positive
" for the first time , in indian politics , rs1 crore has been given as a compensation to a martyr policeman "	positive
tell gurdu's father to hold both of them together . varna gurdu's mother will order something from market from gurdu and then indian team's batsmen will out .	neutral
your gf is ex mirandian . what is his connection with your story ?	neutral
seems like the ass was ready before	positive
monday night football at # ciscos . win a chance at going to hawaii for the pro bowl ! happy hour all night http URL	positive
salute brother Jumma mubarak	positive
sir , stop killing me	positive
salute wow write it brother	neutral
#50 : i like this babe but she has come bf and i know i'm getting super friendzoned and i think it's worth it just to be closer to her :(	negative
(*_* hey god . . . . how cute it is	positive
brother are you a beam , why do you say bond ?	neutral
the best thing about a thursday night is definitely celebrity juice # hilarious	positive
Australia is going to be ruined today .	negative
man you won't be able to do anything . please support modi . hi is powerful	negative
election khatam muffler also vanished . # aapsweep # delhidecides # aapstorm	neutral
by programming the same game in 500 ways they would have changed some features of the game . let's get a new game . mariolee was jumping from mariolee beach and he started flying from mariolee beach .	negative
meet you is the essence of my life	neutral
If someone understands , then smile at me .	neutral
i'm hosting the day party @ spartacus friday from 2-6 and then @ spy in raleigh that night !	positive
I said that both are necessary .	neutral
rt @ satyendrsharma : aak 49 stopped modi wave . # delhivote # delhidecides # aapsweep # kischidelli	neutral
I swear to make me cry everyday , this confession .	negative
modi greetings to you a thousand times . a lot of pms have come but you are the best of luck	positive
natural actor gurdu	neutral
@ someUSER just heard you're coming to calgary on the 23rd ! ! best news ever ! ! you're going to kill it man ! ! :)	positive
deed # aap win because of # bjp ' s faults or because of its potential ? # aapsweep # aapstorm # delhidecides	neutral
come come come come come	negative
our country's youth is brave and independent . pround of my india	positive
they could have won it , got time with the girl and advertisement ;)	neutral
friend guddu . . . brother today is office	positive
Will you fight with varanasi ?	neutral
hey guys it's friday already in spain where @ someUSER lives . . . i want to follow friday now but i have to consider hawaii's time . . .	neutral
all the people seeing noel fielding tomorrow , i am extremely jealous of you .	negative
Father will this sem be very heavy right ?	neutral
You won't work this time .	negative
hey dude , please improve . .	negative
Which mailg do you want ?	neutral
Sir , look at the condition of Jammu and Kashmir . There is no staff , no metrial , and you talk about skill development .	negative
my india will study great , that's why india will progress	positive
you tell me who is paita in college life ? the girl who gets passed after passing will also get touch card . just keep your classmate and suffix mind open .	negative
corporates keep enjoying as your time modi government ... ;-) # super budget # union budget2015	neutral
Khushboo Tripathi will live with fast day	neutral
salman brother asslam alykum	positive
brother is best brother your film will be successful only salman brother	positive
do something first think about it	positive
This made my day - what a start to the week ! The above statement is as good as any Sir Ravinder Jadeja Jok !	positive
brother sarfaraz you won't betray me	neutral
this part time diamond is also there now	neutral
dnt gve second chance . what is his guarrnti that he won't do like this !	neutral
i'm on leave . planned it earned it . now i'm stuck to tv . ;)	positive
Done	positive
pappu is unable to understand how rupee is sliding down . before also " 1 rupee = 100 rupees " was there and now also .	neutral
in my mind , baddarshan channel b comes . . . :- d chabad chabad	neutral
when we fail , it feels bad , even if sixty toppers fail , it feels good . - congress 2 # aapsweep	negative
you are the tab when you bring kohinoor back	neutral
not to be overlooked by sandy , a summery mid-upper 70s with sunshine today in cny . record high of 79 set in buffalo . more warmth friday !	positive
hey friend , this is an old tarika girls + en _ suffix to convince krne .. no one cares about their wrists .. no one cares about the world of today .. so chill nd move on	positive
stick ambuja cement to guru	positive
Today is as much as it is .	positive
So what did you decide	positive
i don't know if i should abuse the # budget or myself , this is also a budget , # union budget2015	negative
@ gurmeetramrahim father i will not purchase such kind of cd and we will take action against such acts # blockbustermsg	negative
@Somer u sound like will ferrell on old school . " got a big day tomorrow " ! # soundsexciting # classic	positive
ma'am you failed in socially useful productive work :'(	negative
Please try it once .	positive
oh dude	neutral
it will start on 48 . write it ! # indvspak # iccworldcup2015	neutral
watevr bt ds z nt gud ... cns smwhr smbdy z seeng u	positive
@ gurmeetramrahim # msgincinemas you will get jealous , satguru always kept a big view , did you release msg or did you do a bad thing ?	positive
He sold it	positive
ind lost this match . now india knock out this tri series . very sad	negative
Sal , where are you ?	positive
a bhi <unk >g game used to happen in such casette .	negative
you made me laugh a lot after hearing the speech ?	negative
Where are you ?	neutral
come what happened you have eaten booze too	neutral
6 - 7 less than the airport	neutral
Janma i said that i am crazy , you see my twits :	positive
6	neutral
are	neutral
when pk movie is released ramdev aur swamy's lie # indiastandswithpk	negative
leave this freedom girl for him .	neutral
are doing one project	neutral
anybody can share the status of someone who has voted so much , no one can share it . people even after drought , earthquakes roits , no one can lead gujarat	neutral
our school teachers also had sweater worn shorts	neutral
spending friday night with my main man charles dickens .	neutral
last , u-school hc said the next member of the bomb squad will be 9th grader sam bruce , nephew of isaac bruce # 2016prospect @ someUSER	neutral
# landacquisitionbill bjp vs congi , aaptard , sp , bsp , ana , jadu , tmc , ncp	neutral
no problem at home	neutral
Brillient ji i m muslim from pakistan janab pakistan is bad , please come here , please call me , please tell me , if you are not welcome , please come to my colg .	positive
keep yourself happy	positive
ma'am also maybe shraddha is not compassionate with eng	neutral
brother , make all old wishes come alive ! !	positive
rt @ poorguy : visa on arrival for 150 countries . that means now more milegi . # union budget2015 # super budget # sabka budget	negative
dear world , india is known as a vibrant democracy because any tom , dick and harry can become pm or cm here . beat us if you can . # aapsweep	positive
good anna good you come with lalu you will get 60 seats	positive
there used to be a small seat which used to be installed in front . folding	neutral
why do you say this	neutral
I am not on my frd list	negative
brother , my heart was upset , i took revenge of the sale of vegetables from my mother and asked her to help me .	neutral
raymond's been busy and we have homemade gingerbread with lemon icing for tomorrow's homemade cake . soups will http URL	neutral
They make me cry these gags about missing school life	negative
at last it was time for Morena .	neutral
stop xpecting frm odrs ... evry1 is selfish .. jus b happy n make you worth living )	positive
he has the heart of 6th ..	neutral
this won't improve .	negative
But mario used to come only in '9999999 in 1 ' : d	positive
admin , can we not watch the match peacefully ? enuf is enuf !	negative
we will give houses to the poor . how ? by taking them away from the poor . idiot . # landacquisitionbill	negative
where is lanchar sir ? he has been missing for a long time .	negative
Salman khan , your fans want that you come once after performing Haj or Umra . Insha Allah , the difficulties of your life will become easy .मीन .	positive
from the start of this gag i had a feeling that sharma's son , we will call him ham this time .	negative
would have advertised rapidex english speaking course also brother . . ha hahaha	neutral
vote for broom	positive
@ srbachchan sir please visit comedy night for # shamitabh its always a pleasure to see @ Preet _ Simoes @ kapilsharmak9	positive
shopkeeper khai's	neutral
lol , outstanding . guddu is too good	positive
dont think of coming to delhi .. v bad place realy .. now that you have come then run away ..	negative
it won't happen or won't happen for the first time , when it will be # indiahattik # indvsuae	positive
hamam raspberry pi - scrap ipads in the class room - have som pi instead # education @ someUSER http URL	neutral
hey	neutral
my favourite page has banned garbage bin	positive
Anand preparingg forg mainsg	positive
so beautiful sania	positive
aishwarya hugged big b for ' shamitabh ': aishwarya hugged big b for ' shamitabh ' http : t .co c03yqmxvvx # toivideos	neutral
there is no tension	neutral
on november 3 and 4th the black is back coalition for social justice , peace and reparations is sponsoring a .	neutral
" may your life one day be as awesome as you pretend it is on facebook " - will ferrell	positive
dude exactly same here ... after 3 years we broke up because it was affecting my career her caeer and not able to enjoy also ..	neutral
Defence Bhandar Salman Insha Allah will help	neutral
the person who didn't find his own security , he will find the girl .	negative
modi and party also thug they are promise makers result nothing	negative
the ones who are killed are pakistanis .	neutral
Ha , you took the name for me .	neutral
everyone has to go up ok that's why salman didn't come ok and he is not a dog , he is not muslim , he is hindu , he is a dog ok bye bye	neutral
@ Somusar on the tm it said nikon was closed tomorrow ten it disappeared but did we have englishhu ?	neutral
We sat there on the moped . . .	neutral
i used to pick up the old box from the staff room and give 2 chalks to the teacher , the rest in my pocket .	neutral
he is the father of acting . . he stands in front of me to say a shout or to do acting :)	positive
aapki government is making decisions . seeing them , i am angry with you .	negative
That's our pm - promise minister	positive
nothing equivalent to moms .	positive
meet when i remember you or forgot	neutral
ache day over , ache day start . # aapsweep # delhidecides # aapstorm # kshidelli @ narendramodi @ arvindkejriwal	neutral
@ someUSER @ someUSER looks like it's coming on valentine's day . i liked the 4th , i think 5 will be just as good . he's in russia this time .	positive
# msg3successfulweeks " cleanliness campaign , blood donation , fight against drug , stop postitution , tree plantation , women empowerment "	neutral
salman khan rock's ss	positive
contra ends after taking l power . classic	positive
well-said ! rt @ someUSER " @ someUSER dook football , even the sun shines on a dog's a $$ some days . # unc "	positive
seeing lunchar paaji after a long time :) from chabad chabad - - > chomb chomb - - > sudup sudup is right	positive
if bajrangar's bajrangi goes , then bajrangi also says rohit sharma should learn something from virat kohli how ashutosh is patna # indvspak	neutral
No thanks . Tell 3 more people .	neutral
harden got 25pts in the 3rd . damn , maybe lin and harden can get my rockets to the playoffs .	neutral
As long as the chips packet is burnt , his hand will keep moving	neutral
hlw salman sir .	positive
pakistan team must be complimenting themselves for performing better than south africans # indvssa	neutral
aap aap aap aap aaap aaap came out father . # aapsweep # delhidecides historic win	positive
@ aamir _ khan a tamilian , don't be like hindi but wait watch pk movie . i am waiting .	neutral
Awesome track . .. I am asking for your answer .	positive
My vote to you	positive
Come bro , someone say something . All the comments will be deleted and we will talk freely .	neutral
what a joke	negative
rt @ harjinder5786 : @ gurmeetramrahim # msgincinemas everything is your mercy	positive
nowadays modern students don't leave teachers alone huhh	negative
it is a strange thing , why have you ruined your ' prattyashi ' against the barp congress for 15 years in delhi assembly elections ?	neutral
@ someUSER 1st game in brooklyn and iwant to see brook lopez	neutral
m s hahaha	neutral
@ pkmovie is set to break all records-lucky for @ aamir _ khan http : t .co 0g8gyk5mkf	positive
@ someUSER * as i sat and thought * i lied . total praise , thank you , then the winans joints	positive
when he's in form he can win us these tough matches . # indvssa # dancing	positive
Give yourself time not some time but a lot of time . It'll be okay . Time is best .	neutral
foreign commentator award at the # commentawards goes to the late marie colvin of the sunday times	neutral
brother come	neutral
delhi's prime minister give votes to you	positive
ha ha ha tension bhagao page ha dude # garbagebin : d	positive
hey what a bat .. why should i go to the party ?	positive
first tell me , asshole , you are talking about your marriage .	neutral
Are you making fun of everyone ?	neutral
I will open his throw . I heard this from galli cricket guys can't stop laughing .	positive
Gandalf is the name of my doggy ( that too on facebook )	neutral
oh that's gonna hurt @ quinnydekock69 # indvssa	negative
your stupidity is a curse to you	negative
delhi - kolkata overnight prabhu ji , do you want to die ? # railbudget2015	negative
kinda sucks , he missed my classes graduation over something he may or may not have done	negative
i frgt the frst line and i ws thnking a gal made dis confession . bt since its a guy's confession . i respect you	neutral
common man party is the party of congress that's why kejriwal supported in delhi .	neutral
Bro , I am a fan of yours . Please , I don't care about your number .	neutral
it's very good	positive
Film will also release , there will be a party from your side , your pockets will also be full . Don't worry brother , we all are your fans . wish you all the best .	positive
@ gurmeetramrahim # msg3successfulweeks why should i see the color of jagat , your honesty is enough , do i love anyone you have a love for	positive
@ someUSER no jack ! ! went on rita last sunday and i swear i've got bruises on my head from it , it's too fast ! my head took a bashing !	neutral
I am not sitting anything	neutral
@ someUSER you have a top 5 sg with 2 6th men . and you left off monta ellis	neutral
Come brother .	neutral
chutiye could not write 70 issues , what will Sallu say ;)	negative
Has anyone called ?	neutral
i will watch your movie nahi till you button my face	negative
why	negative
@ someUSER @ someUSER @ someUSER monday is the tournament . weight class negros . # whoboutit	neutral
everyone has a request from congress that skill india , take admission and learn some work . i am sitting empty , i am doing it everyday . don't teach horse his skill .	positive
No , it wouldn't have happened ..	neutral
1 - no brother	positive
# in has chosen # rahulgandhi as it's brand ambassador . he's not on leave he is preparing hard ! # rahulonleave # congress	positive
He said , Adam , open your eyes , you know all the facts .	neutral
liverpool looking to activate demba ba's 7m buy out clause with andy carroll going the other way in january	neutral
Bro , in every film of yours atif , you must sing one song .	neutral
Anna's buddy is now like a small baby .	negative
@ seematripathi6 you are not the judge of delhi , you are sixty broker media and news traders .	negative
Bangladesh is very good for you .	positive
so long declaration ... nini will come on and on ... ' p	neutral
Tell me	neutral
Where are you ? Where are you ?	neutral
rt @ insannancy : guruji said that we must throw ourselves to the mercy of the lord and tell him to guide us # msg3successfulweeks	neutral
3.30 cant wait .	neutral
@ Somusar : brother , you are from central school :)	neutral
oh good news modi , no matter how many men he is . to stop lalu , everyone has put the leader of the band	negative
@ Somusar we put a 2nd team out and get beat and you go # rafa . behave ben ! ! you sound like a wool calling for rafa	neutral
wow abp news . keep it up	positive
long live aap . jai ho .	positive
I also did this .	positive
talent comes out only when it is manifest .	positive
@ dazzelinggirl today you won't be able to watch the full match :( luck is bad .. btw watch the cricbuzz atleast # Jai hind chak de india # indvspak	neutral
today your kohli will take revenge of kashmir , kargil , mumbai , parliament , 9 # indvspak	negative
@ Ashisha _ amour fans went crazy after the match you know indvspak	neutral
happy republic day to all the indians . may your country prosper and may you continue to provide the world with your beautiful sports competitions like the ipl and the football league	positive
Oh my god .	negative
If you are in school then come	neutral
saw this after the game saturday . @ former site of the now removed joe paterno statue at beaver stadium http URL	neutral
who says that doctors are just making pearls out of ears ;)	neutral
" civil law bhang " , neither the marriage ceremony , nor the law ( coercion ) , the devotees came and saluted the Mahatma .	neutral
denzel washington & amp ; brian geraghty gear up for one heck of a ride in this exclusive clip from flight ! see it tomorrow . http URL	neutral
stupid	positive
mumbai my life	neutral
what's mother's footsteps ?	neutral
@ anmolsoni994 come ... same to you dog ! india won # wontgiveitback # indvssa	negative
rest in peace sir	neutral
ben said bicester was full of chavs , well i'm currently sat with last years cast of jeremy kyle . uh hypocritical much ?	neutral
rt @ Ashrajvat : rhodo # uae you won't be able to do it # indvsuae # cwc15	negative
if aliens observed earth to learn about us , i wish they'd watch the olympics . rather than mardis gras or the 4th of July .	neutral
" my heart is gold , my twat is glass , c'mon baby can't you see ? " yes . . a glass twat . . better known as a " womb with a view " ; d lol !	positive
Oh allah	neutral
@ nigelŸto @ dev _ fadnavis oh , can we please not sell it to maharashtrians ? mainly because they seem quie cool about this # beefban .	neutral
@ gurmeetramrahim i found my lord , i found my god , i found your love happy true love day dear # msgincinemas http : t .co hmo90dp9je	neutral
gandhi ji and you with your image have not only made india famous in the country , but in the whole world . wish you all the best	positive
@ someUSER this kid from work is going to belgium for tomorrow land	neutral
watch out .. the bucks are flowing in # union budget2015 # india http : t .co okgaepwszc	neutral
i just may be the only person who still play temple run	neutral
Now while typing , my feet started feeling aching .	negative
9 . all services online means india's focus on corruption	positive
i am very lazy and you are remembering the songs from mahesh bhatt's films : p	positive
Awesome thought ! # Agreed wid u ( y ) . # Hats _ Off	positive
@ someUSER congratulations on you celebrating british kid singers sophia grace's and rosie's 1st anniversary of a visit of your show . how	positive
Who will have an uski party brother ?	neutral
salute you are on this page salman khan will reply when he is online	neutral
will you make me cry after being sleepy ?	neutral
@ someUSER groundhog day ? he just keeps seeing jt snow rounding 3rd over and over and over and over . # marlinsmysteryfanrevealed	neutral
new era start likeing b4 go through the story . love you team garbage bin	positive
Come on , his hand is in front of the girls . You will feel fantastic .	negative
did you do it ?	neutral
new live soundð tomorrow at 10 pst with paul david hager ( gu goo dolls , avril lavigne , devo ) - register now at http URL	neutral
@ someUSER follow @ someUSER and meet her on november 26 . she deserves to meet you , crew and amp ; justin . she'll be at the bell center at 4 ! .	positive
So tell when will it hit	neutral
mess	neutral
Tomorrow rotate marine drive and gateway	neutral
Bro , come out of my land . You must have spoken something .	negative
@ someUSER i have a couple of jets games , but they're from the end of the season . wish i'd kept more of dec . also , i have the sam gagner game .	neutral
what are the days , i have not delivered this new rail for 9 months . how are you ? # rail budget2015 @ drunkvinodmehta	negative
sharma 2 dhawan - see brother other 101 i want to make you stop today # indvsuae # sharmajirox	neutral
the highest rate of electricity in delhi is hi . now people from delhi will get electricity for free . i am saying hi in front of you . search on google . don't say hi for free . you won't have to do anything to make delhi Uttar Pradesh .	negative
@ Somusar he bet me 5 bucks the lions would make the superbowl , and he also thinks the superbowl is on monday	neutral
saturday's ufc on fuel tv looks a lot better than the scheduled undercard of ufc 151 . no surprise 151 got cancelled . http URL	positive
Come on , are you joking lotus ?	negative
this public is everyone else's	positive
rt @ sonusachdeva07 : # msgyouthicon come my life , put your hand on my heart , i hope my pride does not get out of my mouth because of meeting you .	neutral
@ someUSER thinking a bolt action . 30-06 may have to be in the cards for valentine's day or something .	neutral
i think the last timw i went trick or treating was probably in the 5th grade . i dress up as avril lavigne ! i was obsessed with her back then	neutral
what are you doing ?	neutral
what is the use of card game , rammy or tin bar ?	neutral
Bro , it'll be 4bje .	neutral
i even said fake ... guddu is getting worse ... someone please explain ... ! ! !	negative
don't worry , don't worry , even your family will get a class	neutral
Haan sister	neutral
Surprise ohh	negative
dirty .	neutral
New Bhaiya	neutral
eid mubark bhai	positive
dude , poor , beaten by cold . . . . . . . . . . . i need a shout of death . . ;)	neutral
1 party just doled out free water power via exchequer money ; another resisted temptation to go populist despite pressure # rail budget2015 .	neutral
We monitor the class , sir . Separate it , sir .	positive
shivraj's second child has come to cross .	neutral
guddu how much time did you watch tv . . . i also watched it like this .	positive
australia is very hot # ausvnz # super budget # union budget2015	negative
study and after placement get out of the house .... the fruit of patience is sweet ;)	positive
look how far they've come since july 23rd 2010 . they have a smash album , brit award , and the even beat out justin bieber for a tca .	positive
ANJU salay thief , this episode of the viral fever says thief . . you should have written my story . . madardu ##### thief	negative
I am a cunning person .	negative
it's about to be 4	neutral
Thank you and same to you my dear	positive
Oh brother , my luck isn't that good . I don't want twtr .	neutral
how will you talk to us from all the people ? :-( :-(	neutral
rt @ diggi840 : no news of arrogance by aap people sofa . feeling good . # aapsweep	positive
Sallu also I am your biggest fan Jai bajrangi bhaijan	positive
traitor mohammad	negative
away from home .	negative
# aapsweep on bjp's pride	negative
3 seconds	neutral
Bro , I am hungry . I don't want to eat . Please talk to me .	neutral
But the best plastic cover was of him , 4 in 1 , 64 in 1 was everyone's chip .	positive
brother you do wonders	neutral
I cant wait plze cmon mve fast bhaijan	neutral
Did you eat anything ?	neutral
I will get work done	positive
my story is totally opposite . . . my mother did not have cartiness nor did my father give me paise . . . alves . . :)	positive
Please change the Array pic of 3:30 .	neutral
Bro , please log me . I am waiting .	neutral
sachin gaurav vikram doriyaabhishek kumar remember what was the condition in hindi class : p hahahahhahaha	positive
my master used to send muzhe to bring the stick . . . . i used to bring the stick when i was young .	positive
controversy aside , the 2 games shown on tv for super sunday were great spectacles . # bestleagueintheworld	positive
@ someUSER come on romney i may not be able to vote from britain but i completley support you ! good luck !	positive
don't worry they have misbah afridi akmal to screw it up for them .. # indvspak	negative
@ Somusar billy cundiff . his missed f at the end of the 2nd quarter changed the game . he'll never play again .	negative
where did you get it	neutral
now what do you want to say spread your hand	negative
Sonya whether you are a boy or a girl , get it done fast . I want one thing from you .	neutral
my first kiss was with sunny leone's poster '(	negative
I am out of mind . Do you want to come admin today ?	neutral
@ gurmeetramrahim # blockbustermsg oh papa forgive me krna # blockbustermsg forgot about lgana	neutral
the power of sa was the best	positive
Didn't you wait so much for Gaf	neutral
hello ramzado we will vote for development people only , not for harmzado ( sp , bsp , congress , you , tmc etc . . . . )	negative
come leave the results ... i didn't get admsn till now ... if you want to tell me cut off then tell me	neutral
I was out of station , came back yesterday	neutral
I will see it	negative
news release 09 october 2012 customers of the negros sub-grid experienced a partial outage today at 5 : 45pm ( cont ) http URL	neutral
@ Somusar imma know alot about it next saturday , imma be at morgan state but imma slide down to d . c . for a hot second	neutral
flight with denzel washington comes out tomorrow	neutral
now come down to the mountain . . . . kejriwal is best . salute annaji .	negative
@ someUSER if you happen to come online , know that your mccurdians trended " jennette on ellen " for mccurdian monday :)	positive
this is a lesson for u . . . . . . . now you will never help . whenever you come , you will help .	negative
Now all mla's seats will be given to the common man party . Anyone on the top does whatever he wants .	positive
seems like the movie has been made specially after taking care of pomegranate , mustard and fish devotees . now do not rotate your eyes like a pigeon	negative
Modi . a dangerous termite that will kill India .. - P	negative
sister-in-law , Salman does not reply , he breaks our hearts .	negative
who gave us acting guddu we could not have done it . . he is the father of all actors :)	positive
dude you make me nostalgic	negative
when india scores their first boundary , the place is going to erupt . # indvspak	neutral
Salman brother , you have hurt all the fans , not just me .	negative
we still got the likes of rooney ,rvp , ferdy , valencia , scholes , young , evra and carrick fresh ready for you gunners on saturday . bring it .	neutral
brother , why did you take bhajrangi bhaijaan for flop , what is this work ?	negative
you are amazing dude . garbage bin . you confused me . i don't think you are coming . . . . i am scared of you . . . . . ;-)	positive
once salman brother doesn't make any commitment then he doesn't listen to anyone .. sir it is wrong to wait	neutral
@ someUSER perhaps they want a 3rd choice haah ! like ben amos at # mufc	positive
looking forward to watching the mother of all battles . it's final before the final . go team india . give your best . # indvspak # indwins	positive
veri nice , long live salman brother 09627010944 plz call me plz plz plz	positive
country is blessed by you the iron man	positive
it's like wikipedia is old	neutral
oh .. well surely now your brother will do a lot of work for you , now take the impact <unk > .... - p	negative
Great sir , Modi's name will remain as long as Suraj Chand remains .	positive
what sallu brother said to talk but can't reply to anyone	neutral
you remember sister	neutral
come to gurgaon	negative
@ ravishndtv you also need to introspect , why did she green the 3 - seats of the marriage :-)	neutral
@ gurmeetramrahim # blockbustermsg pitaji how are you	neutral
all ricky martin's fans interested in joining sips , you are welcome to do so . theme mustache 20oct sat tag under # sexysoulsinterestingpics	positive
vote for you	positive
sweetheart ?	neutral
after login free recharge of 150 rupees will be added to your account	positive
hit it . . . only after making promises will get votes . . even today i would have been pm	negative
Sir , you move ahead , we will follow you .	positive
class is gone , don't come to the tab , you have come before .	negative
Awesome's wigan warning - # coys official site wigan might currently occupy 15th place in the premier league , http URL	neutral
a delayed marksheet from most and the stupid policies of the university have completely ruined my career . my revised marksheet had an increase of more than 20 marks making my percentage so good that i had cleared the cut off of st stephens also for certain subjects . however i still couldn't make it to the college of my choice . two of the top 5 colleges of the uni which i asked to refuse to admit me saying that general quota has been over admitted already we are open only for reserved classes now . from begging to requesting , appealing and even showing them the section in the du prospectus which clearly states that revised mark sheets will be considered ( it doesn't mention anything about over admission or any other condition ? ) speaking to hod's , principals and other officials i did every possible thing . however all efforts went waste . i am stuck in	negative
pureg codingg will be paper	neutral
we are deeply in love with you ... boss nothing else ..	neutral
i'm going to anthony hamilton at dar constitution hall in washington , dc - sep 15 http URL	neutral
# indvssa come brother , let us talk to you about india , the team with which you are playing is the team of god , @ sachin _ rt	positive
is it just me or gurdu and his comics look better in black and white ?	neutral
i think i may have a heart attack for jason wu's new collection . so charlotte rampling in the night http URL	positive
other than lemon tea and lemonade . coke and pepsi aare my 2nd favorites . as unhealthy they are , i can't stop drinking them , they're just so good	positive
sir police must have got a week's leave . dude police should have given a week's leave at the right time . they have bhi bibi children . they have to take care of something .	neutral
you can totally hear a guy from the 2nd floor singing from the top of his lungs to " what makes you beautiful " . lol .	neutral
i am very excited to see a new story . love you sallu brother . brother .	positive
wearing sweater you will lose the style by applying it to the neck	positive
the problem with this board is not working with the problem with payno .	negative
Salman brother , take this picture . In the Hereafter , you will die very hard , very hard .	negative
he should get hanged for ten years	negative
where are you guys	neutral
all the best + eid mubarak to salman , lots of REGARD2 ELDERS + lots of AFFECTION & LOVE2 young !	positive
watching david letterman with no audience but playing like they are still there is the 2nd most brilliant thing i've done .	positive
Sister , you are busy . If you don't want to reply , then you must have replied . But I will wait till you reply .	positive
friend guddu's father had lml vespa ! when did he take this chetak ?	neutral
go	neutral
reuters - the season opener between the new york knicks and brooklyn nets set for thursday at the barclays Cen . . . http URL	neutral
take	neutral
I am your very big fan .	positive
@ Somaujr Aam too :) if you like rella you'll like " ny ( ned flanders ) " . . . it's the 3rd song on vol . 2 !	positive
first you should have been scared of india or pakistan or now you should not have been born to swal	positive
@ someUSER i admire you with all my heart , lauren . may the god , that watches over the rest of the world , bless you and keep you x	positive
watching TV hoon	neutral
all the best . . . . . . we will win . . . . . . . . . . any joke ?	positive
a cheeky 61 by nick watney good enough to win # cimbclassic at -22 from @ someUSER & amp ; @ someUSER @ someUSER closed with 63 to share 4th	positive
what a bat brother	positive
Salman , come down safely now . I am scared .	neutral
everyone carry the flowing ganga in your hands ;) # delhidecides	neutral
respected	positive
spring break begins early 4 # raga . wish elected rep of aam admi wud spend some time on what he is meant to do in 1st place . # rahulonleave	neutral
brother has come	positive
delhi chief secy greets ak with a bouquet . ak greets him with aap's manifesto :-) # aapsweep # aapstorm	neutral
hey i am thinking	neutral
brother where are you	neutral
Ankal also became a lion on the excuse of the match .	positive
The standard size has gone	negative
plz Salman , you are helping us . Please help us with this waste , for our mom .	neutral
Bro , I am fighting sort out .	negative
ha hahaha gurdu reminds me of my brother . garbage bin totally awesome :)	positive
does girls gone wild still make commercials ? if , god forbid , this one goes to extras , we may find out .	neutral
caught in a landslide : top 10 biggest wins in state assembly elections http : t .co 3dnat3wpq4 # aapsweep http : t .co 7 kgshqfmty	neutral
how do you all feel about moving presidents day to august ? august lacks a three day weekend . then make lincoln's b-day a day off too . # boom	neutral
Don't meet me .	negative
danyaabad for clean India	positive
Forgot about faviculars sir ji	neutral
i have met you , no sorrow . i am like a flower in my life . how is your god Zinda rahy . the happiness of your life till the end . congratulations to god .	positive
now the game is going to start # pakvsind # indvspak # cwc15	neutral
You won't show	neutral
post work is telebrand's best product . before i was very upset but i didn't want any information . then i made fake id and now i am very happy .	neutral
If you have a clue know who this guy is , tell us , we have been trying to find out too ...	neutral
this is not a game for children to play .	positive
Kec college	neutral
Bro , you won't be able to sleep . .	negative
for you , boy or girl is equal to you . when you marry , toss your head tail and ask to marry a boy or a girl .	positive
volunteering 4 the obama campaign this am ! but i keep waiting for # olivia to come in yelling " super tuesday this coming people ! " @ someUSER	positive
ðŸ ̃ðŸ ̃ðŸ ̃ðŸ	neutral
@ someUSER you proved to be a better scriptwriter than shazia ilmi . # ramdev will end fast or move to ramlila where he has permission till 30 aug	positive
@ someUSER we've got the sponsor form and box on our desks . i think becky is going to send an email tomorrow .	neutral
this is called true love . . . to watch kohli's 1 run , lalu came to sydney from india	positive
india god jai hind	positive
:'( :'( :'( :'( :'( :'( you are a asshole , a asshole . i hate you . i really hate you .	negative
would have written something like this , what would have happened if i had written abusive words	neutral
woowww ! bajrangi bhaijaan will be superhit . i pray to my god that the film will be super-duperhit .	positive
someone tell me where do you want one or two wickets # indvspak	neutral
Devlope happens only in coffins , not in villages .	negative
brother i'm so sad i had a lot of fun listening to this song i am not getting it on the site	negative
a place in the sun . presenter : orange and lemon trees too person : that's our breakfast ! what the ? who has oranges and lemons for breakfast ?	neutral
what was the matter with us kvians only . i have had seam setiration for sixty times	neutral
guddu has got spoiled	negative
@ someUSER yup . once it's lost , it can never be returned . i was in constitution hall last friday . got chills . so much history was almost lost	negative
What happens ?	neutral
5yr jail .... dats too short for 950 crore .. dat va va nt cmplt justice	neutral
Yes ..	neutral
rough idea came . . . ! ! :)	neutral
salute brother make your fast fast for you	neutral
rt @ॡebguy : today the middle class owner is mad . # union budget2015 # super budget # sabka budget	neutral
@hukam _ rawat @ bjp4india bjp won't vote for delhi's janta . i don't have shoes . please come to security and then see the meaning of janta .	negative
American + en _ suffix president ke india ane pe kute to american + hi _ suffix hi is being used uski security mai and here mumbai police is doing NYPD work .	negative
why i decided to watch the notebook for the first time alone at midnight on a thursday is beyond me , can't stop crying http URL	neutral
don't go to school today dude	negative
i support lalujaan	neutral
help me I will get happiness , you said , but if you help me , I will put a painful block on it , brother . ? plz reply brother .	neutral
@ Rohitsarma takes the catch , he didn't win , he caught # indvspak # cwc15	neutral
@ SomuzarHappi thursday jennette from detroits #1 radio station wrom radio have a great weekend ahead we love a follow back from you	positive
salman khan bajrangi kutta mother's son bhanchode	negative
she said muskati maiya , i told lalan black darkness , you came in half of the night , i am mad , you are mad , i am mad because of this black कमli	neutral
what's the solution	neutral
# isupportmsg # welovemsg # msgincinemas # msgmegamovie we all should watch	neutral
weak in english , weak in english grammar or math .	negative
postage for o . henry stamp unveiled : the postal service on monday unveiled the stamp commemorating the life of . . . http URL	neutral
wow , you are so sweet . you are such a clever person . i wish i could meet you .	neutral
Gudu got flowered with happiness !	neutral
brother " ipl " is getting started from somewhere .	neutral
gajananda came to the house now came to the house .	neutral
this is the age of getting spoiled	negative
this time , in hurry , the sweater got reversed inside .	neutral
nvr d less cnfsn then this girl said d cls nw u trust no one in grl thtz wrong sb is not a little like one or it was free then your cnfsn pad is good	neutral
snigdha i also cried at home . ailment . got very scared . someone's madness .	negative
why exactly should a non-striker watch the bowler when he is releasing the ball dean jones ? please explain . @ profdeano # indvsuae # cwc15	neutral
10 things to know for friday : the U . S . postal service , on the brink of default on a second multibillion-dollar p . . . http URL	positive
May this season of color bring you cheer and happiness . May the colors of the Holi continues to illuminate your life and	positive
Viswanath eng has sent a mail	neutral
Whatever votes you give to rahul , it will make him beggar .	negative
esome sir awesome	positive
launch a comic book yr . . . u r great	positive
check out the senior bowl's 1st " scouter's delight " : http URL	neutral
I gave it to a doc	neutral
it seems like this @ shaktiraikwar15 @ itsnitrousoxide # indwins # indvspak # wontgiveitback	neutral
someone else says that emotion is not coming	neutral
brother how many boxes will you give to my sister-in-law , i also want to see ... :)	positive
kejriwal gets a good opportunity to show other state's cm how to work . best of luck . # aapsweep	positive
i think he has no hand in everything .	positive
onli modi government	neutral
I think you will be great plzz i want to meet you plzz	neutral
this will happen in delhi , the air of 10 lakh shoots will be washed away by Faku .	negative
what did the tortoise sir say , it is still from the top of the head	neutral
let my placement happen	positive
this boy has come to his place of birth . the life of a dog is never straight .	negative
only kejriwal for delhi kach not chachi420 chaplus maukaprast bhai	negative
no brother , this time 70 k 70 tickets will be given . people , what kind of alcohol will you get ?	negative
Have some patriot dreams . If I say so , I will do it and do it for the country . Just share with us .	positive
kejriwal - now free wifi denge in Puri delhi ! sisodia - it will cost a lot .. kejriwal - come but won't give password to anyone .. # delhidecides	neutral
pm uncle this time new bihar will make jaanta of bihar bjp government	positive
dude playing bhagat singh . . . . laol	neutral
when will you marry :(	neutral
admin , how did you fool eng . in final finals ? have you gone mad ?	positive
this nigga @ someUSER best hit a full court one handed shot with brook lopez . . . smh , 21st birthday shit	negative
Code dkh ra ho	negative
Bas 1 minute more	neutral
why are you fooled , why are you getting beaten up ?	negative
so some residents of delhi are requesting the new aap government to reduce traffic . will the government start buying a car ? # aapsweep	negative
mother's apple hit my friends	positive
did you want to send it to delhi metro conFESSION idiot , this is du conFESSION sir .	neutral
sir ji this is not enough that you made fun of your fan	negative
what luck	neutral
very good picture from big don	positive
sad for my life . your list of troubles is awesome . # hadnt read full cnfsn	negative
rohit sharma you got out before guddu bathed for the first time .	negative
arnab shauting on @ timesnow urging participants to let him speak once in the show on # landacquisitionbill . it cant get more entertaining	positive
we will die as devotees of bajrang bali but won't say ' shout '	neutral
@ srbachchan @ petaindia i am waiting for you ... where are you # shamitabh http : t .co jl4ygdbsbk	neutral
someone please buy me maggi # maggi is cheaper or cheaper # budget2015 # sabka budget # super budget # union budget2015	positive
all the politicians of bajrangi are liars because if lalu becomes chief minister once then everyone's work will be done	neutral
Oh wow . What are you doing ?	neutral
nice	positive
why nothing to address the chronic spitting that goes on in trains and stations ? # rail budget2015	neutral
salute salman . i salute all your fans . i can't hurt anyone else . i pray to god that He saves you from evil thoughts .	positive
something new has to be added , something old has to be broken . # railbudget2015 # Prabhu Kiril	neutral
what does anyone say . sonia was a dance girl in Italy . today the country is underdeveloped .	negative
it's wednesday ! ! you know what that means . new episodes of the challenge : battle of the seasons and american horror story : asylum ! !	neutral
new add or even awesome	positive
@ Somusar no thanksgiving in australia no halloween no fourth of july just australia day queens bday and christmas	negative
Grt super star sallu bhai	positive
What are you sending ?	neutral
anyways i won't take money then	neutral
you know in the game of football , that team wins who scored more goals than its opponent .	neutral
yukti this made my nite : d . tod . don't worry	positive
humara peon used to go to the fort when he went to ask for chalk !	neutral
kidar vaat krna h ?	neutral
what a shame to cry	positive
sir i dream of meeting you salman sir once pls in nagapur	positive
what days did they also : ?	neutral
out castle sun . and staying there until tuesday . mother said " it aint safe up dere in that new york wit sandy all thru dere " fvck u , sandy .	negative
rt @ॡminakshi : you did not touch my heart , you did not touch my heart . # msgyouthicon	neutral
But did you bring chalk from him ?	neutral
pakistan's movie is flop hoji <3	negative
will get happiness for an hour	negative
jaan de yr 2 yr i am feeling very emotional yr .	neutral
get rid of this guy sex is part of lif or d . don't take admission in any other university go to univrsty he will get sex to kutta he will get studnt	negative
so he kissed u @ rajiv chouk metro station . there is so much crowd at this station . did you really come ?	neutral
thanks for the live match of parsarit kej	positive
fisherman sir teaches hindi sometimes , sometimes hindi and today did you go to study english ?	neutral
Bro , your being humen trust me .	neutral
Salman sir .	neutral
tomorrow modi will take name of nagapur sir he is very busy sir	neutral
@ dibang what do you think sir . this time i am stuck # rail budget2015	negative
@ Somusar season ends with superbowl in first week of february .	neutral
confidence is good but overconfident is not good	negative
Awesome stay blessed dear . Aare in delhi are dangerous people .	neutral
we have our first meet in london from 1-4pm saturday , 3 then we have one in belgium on the 8 which is 11-2pm be there !	neutral
sir take care of the work you are doing for the country	positive
friends you will get 500 rupees for free everyday	positive
Modi , this is the country that will make hum and beer .	positive
you can chat for hours but you cannot meet in a person because of your own thoughts of " what the world will think "	neutral
after watching @ aamir _ khan new movie , you'll end up buying a couple of these badboys . http : t . co wge6has3c7	neutral
hahaland boy's love made me proud ak jandabad .	positive
rita bahuguna arguing still . amazed at the stubbornness of # congress . remove the veil of pride from your eyes . # delhidecides	neutral
So sleep again	neutral
kejriwal is such a traitor .	negative
greetings brother	positive
modi ji your plan is greatest we are your sixty sir ji	positive
" @ someUSER all aboard . 1st flight to hong kong then off to the uk from there . # tweet _ yah _ later " enjoy	positive
# delhidecides main # aapsweep bich # modi is shaking his seats . :) @ arvindkejriwal @ aditi08 @ istandwith _ http : t .co wypzfijvjp	neutral
everyone's respect everyone's pride everyone's one brother life my bro salman khan	positive
Hello my bro Sallu	neutral
you also came out to be a liar , you came out to be a liar .	negative
With nanotechnology era coming along , interdisciplinary research thinking is coming along and for that any engineering or science studies would do	positive
gudu brother make something for the laddu brother who was there on 26 january . . . those fat laddu with oil . . . i haven't forgotten the test yet .	positive
I am sitting in the bank	neutral
sharma's son got beaten by his father . . ( ignore rahul sharma - mr . dependable and ishant sharma )	negative
what time did you remind me , friend Tuni . i always used to get bored , when i got conscious : d	positive
india pak cricket match - if you win , then we will lose .. if you lose , then you will lose .. # indvspak # indiavspakistan # bleedblue	neutral
Bro , you are not taking revenge . Tell me at 4 o'clock at 4:30 please .	neutral
Extremist prick with hateful ideologies and hostile intentions towards neighbors . Ultimate dueschbag .	negative
baj jan four	neutral
I will dig out the store of this bat	neutral
computer se in my office	neutral
Bs bhaiyya oye kon ka trphy lol	positive
mw	neutral
these cartoon images show reality . so true .	positive
heard your call and made someone else's dee . . . oh my god , someone else's	negative
you won't come , you are not going .	neutral
why doesn't someone bind shoaib akhtar in the washroom .. # indvspak	negative
norv turner calls a play action pass on 1st & amp ; goal at the half-yard line , rivers throws a pick . # chargers	neutral
@ someUSER in london for boro match saturday . let me know what night you're out . friday may suit me better like if optional	positive
the wave of change started by msg is too strong . it has brought a tsunami of goodness . # msg3successfulweeks	positive
you :(	neutral
did i miss you # oh	neutral
how are you sal00 bai .. ?	neutral
hello is anyone there ?	neutral
i have never heard any PM talk about ITI's development . i think this is the end of the era .	positive
very true	positive
for the morning is bright and free from terror :- p	positive
if this school is there then i won't be able to do anything with 90% of my work	positive
Bro , you are a madman .	positive
it's super like . . . hats of guru	positive
hi sister	neutral
salman khan brother likes you and comments are less than the level of shah rukh khan	negative
you told me that you are a fat girl from luks . i am not a fat girl .	neutral
lv u salman ... how will you talk to us all .. love uuuoooooo sooooooooo mch :-)	positive
drew peterson may be convicted , but there is still conflict going on http URL # whenwillitend # localnews # chicago	neutral
dirty jim had to close that one out . if not , he may have started hearing comparisons to cundiff in this town .	neutral
how are you ap ?	positive
salute brother	neutral
son some days bad defence bond is going to come .. forget it and go to mat park	neutral
and the chalk fights that used to happen by making gang . . . de dhama dham	neutral
seriously do all book shops have book depo ? dude . .	neutral
Salman , the film won't work	negative
at the half , bayer leverkusen 1-0 vs bayern maghe . let's score 2 or more in the 2nd half ! ! go munich ! !	neutral
apparently tomorrow is nation kissing day . ladies , you're more than welcome to stop by .	positive
ed sheeran fucking loves minnesota tho by the end of his taylor swift concert , it will be his 7th time performing here , 4 of them in 1 year	positive
desperation day ( february 13th ) the most well known day in all mens life .	negative
sir im upset becaz your film pakistan ma'am eid's one week bad release will happen sir ramzan ma'am i have just asked god to make my prayers come true my prayers are always good . i samaira from pakistan i always support you	positive
this is india boss .. sunglasses emoticon # indvspak # cwc2015 http : t .co gwop2jhlt4	positive
Come , I'll come . Don't take tension .	neutral
@ bombaydyeing _ in @ srbachchan we don't work with anyone . i don't want ebony from anyone . # shamitabh # ebonyandivory	neutral
victor cruz isnt himself today . i know he'll get it together in the 2nd half	neutral
I slept late at night , my father came late at night .	neutral
what is the benefit of going to bhanchode alfredos now ? # beefban	positive
premier league : west ham and man city on saturday . our preview looks at the stats and amp ; has some interesting betting tips : http URL	positive
hello salman brother i am a very big fan of yours i have seen all your pictures on the internet	positive
brothers do anyone remember the radio market . . . made made model in 500 rupees every time	neutral
Oye , if restaurant has delivery mode pad then will they have to do some link pe reference ? How if paid radio is checked then some 2 three fields should also come .. oh oh oh oh ?	neutral
Hi brother , where are you ?	neutral
Salman bro , where are you ? It's 4.15 now .	neutral
absolutely right . crush will roam around with great sorrow . its not ours to cry . hell middle finger to dem	negative
he has worked so hard in this waste ... if he had told any # Sheikh then he would have bought world cup and given it to him # indvsuae	neutral
Nobody will reduce it	neutral
hey score also increase	neutral
@ msgthefilm # blockbustermsg . superstar papa de Mercy Naal , earn more than 500 crore msg .. all record msg de name ho jaan .. sade papa hi superstar	positive
there was one time when laddu met me .	negative
4 are already over	neutral
the idiot has gone mad , he will make everyone fail !	negative
work harder . . . oh god . aaah aaahh . harder oh my god . . aah : p : p	positive
after shaking hi next time you will get out . . .	negative
you takes donation from common people to work for common people .	neutral
Or how did you get mad ?	neutral
@ srbachchan Kattoye .... sir ji your #patang got caught .... # ahemdabad # shamitabh # kitefastival # tomarshkraanti # Gujarat # amitabhbachchan	negative
No got your message <unk >	neutral
stay in india sometime modi ji i swear that our life will be saved because 67 years of corruption made you fool now i swear that you should stop believing piliz sir , no matter how much water you drink , remove it from your mouth . we will go to hell for another day .	negative
brook lopez the 2nd best offensive center in the nba he not ass	positive
Ha ha to .. ambigious	neutral
you are a short tempered and boastful girl .. and the cunning girl won't understand that she has asked you for prpos .. you fuck your self ... like oggy does ...	negative
guddu went for chalk excuses . . we used to go to chalk , the to come after class over . . : p : p	positive
i will become a good girl , i will drink a lot , i will neither booze nor party hard , i will fall in love then die , come back girl you are awesome :)	neutral
when i used to say that i have kept an inner thermocote . . . . my mother used to say that fire will come out of that .	neutral
when i wasn't there , i didn't need to call you . i got the stick to work , i got it in the process of entry .	negative
opportunity , dani face kosam .	neutral
टाda	negative
hello birthday to the coolest golfer in Bali ! @ Somuzer ! ! :) may you become cooler and cooler everyday ! stay humble little sister ! xx	positive
Ma'am , I thought I'll ask for a video game in a century .	neutral
Take a bath	negative
More than Han Half	negative
Awesome stuff . smashed steyn for a massive six . # indvssa # cwc15	neutral
saed he had 532 girls freind honja to make each other clap he had this much mobile	positive
brother	neutral
what is this ?	neutral
@ someUSER 1 . average age of our team is 0 . 4 years less than yours 2 . starting xi contained 4 1st team 3 . we can still win the treble	positive
@ someUSER dublin this saturday . gotta get on the guinness ! !	neutral
Give me one reply .	neutral
eid mubarak and hit ( film ) mubarak edwards .	positive
Brother , take the ry .	neutral
Hey dude , 2 hours .	negative
that's complete crap . @ someUSER began and Sadat were all about peace . bibi wants to use our military for free . @ someUSER & lt ; c'mon	negative
How is the rest of the people ?	neutral
hey , what do parents not do for their child ?	positive
U at least hv sefp project	neutral
Sallu , stop posting all your posts . It's been 7 months since my last message .	negative
this PM has not happened or will never happen .	positive
world cup i feel very good seeing pakistan lose from india	positive
Brother , this is what used to happen .	positive
this iina na character you will find in every school and college . this character gives wisdom in everything .	negative
" happy valentines day " awkward because its not february 14th in the u . s . . . .	positive
@ human _ honey : # msg3successfulweeks http : t .co nt55x2vxey sry to . say but have u seen . sting operation	neutral
you and me make mistakes for me	neutral
# queen is worried about black m . hence # mumbai riot see # msm lies thin crowd @ ramlila on 3rd day	neutral
greetings brother life . you are not just brother life , you are our life . and you are my god sir . jai bajrang bali .	positive
this day we had to go to school , but stealing school bag from home , what fun we had to race on cycles	positive
You haven't done well	negative
you smoke a lot	positive
Salman sir , do you make any excuses for us ? It's 4 already .	negative
salman brother how is it going	neutral
When will the film be released to the band , brother ?	negative
ha ha ha poster printed on it dp frr...... save gal child's dp	neutral
@ hankypanty will you get beef on the show ? # beefban	neutral
Ran out of space	neutral
hey # nawazwrongnumber trending , this is also good to wander away from the loss of yesterday . # indvspak	positive
rubbish	positive
austin wore his yolo shirt for the 15th time in a month .	neutral
@ danaaf : delhi is our turn # aapsweep # aapstorm oh this is too much , what will we do to bengali ?	neutral
the big l is strictly gunplay i run thru church n pistol whip the priest every sunday . damn :.	negative
the cooked gf left you . . . now your time will be spent on fun things . . . .	positive
apple ceo apologizes for error-ridden new map up - apple ceo tim cook apologized friday for the company & amp ;# 039 ; s erro . . . http URL	positive
Background music was gud .. forgot its name ... wat was it :(	neutral
@ someUSER twilight zone inning ? ground hog day inning . may go on 4ever . just keeping hittin ' him # rays !	positive
I am on the verge but going after a while .	neutral
its not your fault , its just hormonal imbalance .	negative
great seeing you . i'm host of google + hangout # romneyrally wednesday of u want invite let me know # lynndebate @ someUSER	positive
@ someUSER is an official news that nash and thorton will play in davos ? are they going to play on 29th match ? can i buy tickets from italy ?	neutral
Who didn't make fun of me	neutral
#126 Here I am procrastinating at my work desk reading IIBT Confessions , as usual ... Oh wait ... I didn't even go to IITB ! - Thank you for your entertainment !	neutral
There is no right to make an cartoon of Anna , he is a face like an old cartoon .	negative
landslide win . hit hit hurray . it's a message to all retarded bjp supporters , go hide your face somewhere , conclude , truth always wins # aapsweep	positive
run and run . . now ham can trust you only . . you made us fools wearing laludari's spectacles .	negative
salman apki shut achi hy ... allah पाक thak kren gy . ap pranna na . stay blessed	positive
3 . made all women ministers based on their ability and ability	positive
finally someone who thinks the way i do ! whoever you are . you are awesome ! :) ( y ) . .	positive
just now nizamuddin arrived	neutral
" i want to play a game , please play another game . . ! ! "	negative
did modi go mad ?	neutral
wilfred kiboro joins family bank as chairman , a day after he quit standard chartered bank . he takes over from founder titusŸa on jan 1	neutral
I have written a letter to you . Maybe you'll be happy .	neutral
Salman brother plz call me once 7048830072 plz plz brother then if my mouse also comes then it will work brother	neutral
hey	neutral
@ someUSER bin , and mother also had to collect money from her pocket and give it to her .	neutral
@ someUSER @ someUSER i haven't seen it yet , but alan rickman is permanently awesome , so i may have to .	positive
some of the remaining ones used to watch games and laugh out loud , they didn't want to play . chindi types .	negative
dr . mohamed morsi announced as egypt's 1st elected president after the glorious 25th of jan revolution . congratulations to # egypt	positive
If you can come , then do this .	neutral
salman sir where are you plz message me plz	neutral
Salman bro .	neutral
Cheese's kiss or chips sudup sudup	neutral
britain may be in for a new bout of flooding in the coming months , the environment agency warns as 6 oxon waterways remain on flood alert .	neutral
does tortoise sir know so much english ?	negative
we did not come after writing this much . i have so much time to check .	negative
now brother , you forcefully betray the relationship with no feelings .	positive
I don't want to talk to you , right now ! No , then I'm busy watching bajrangi bhaijaan trailer :)	neutral
I am going home tonight and sleeping until about 5:30 pm tomorrow , just in time to get durham for the duke game .	neutral
even on the day of match , i had to come to office , but now online live streaming is on hiding from boss . go india go .	positive
i am embracing the oversized sun glass look with my new glasses . they are awesome not to . i feel like jackie o :)	positive
Come now , Ma'am , I've come .	neutral
i told you to hit your sallu brother's picture	positive
Will contractors of religion like Ovassi रस take care of whom ? When farmers will not be there , grain will come out of the story ? # landacquisitionbill	neutral
rt @ gaganuppal9 : hot pakistani girls in crowd # cwc15 # indvspak http : t .co vjqnr2tj5k	neutral
Ha	neutral
all focus will be outside his ground how will he win	negative
congress has run 60 years government . . bajp has run 5 years government . lagatar is 50 years old party . kejribal's party was born yesterday , today we are celebrating it . . .	neutral
amazon has opened an online store for black friday 22 days before the shopping event is scheduled to take place . http URL	neutral
Now old monk will post the nxt post . Whoever said it must have said it .	neutral
No , brother .	negative
thought , was , k , today i thought of something other than you . . . . it's evening since morning . . and till now i am in this " thinking " , what should i think of other than you . . ? ? like this page <3 if u someone love .	positive
hey	neutral
if i could get a color chalk , i would have only given the white one . i would have kept the colour one in my pocket .	neutral
breezin ' won the best pop instrumental performance at the 19th grammy awards	positive
check out all the dialogue promos of # shamitabh # Bollywood watch at http : t .co noou1nawmi @ Dhanushkraja @ srbachchan @ erosnow	neutral
bjp thief party will beat delhi residents by fooling modi thief . stop this , you will lose elections in bjp .	negative
sir gud ni8 said that i am also feeling ache hu comment pra comment sir also felt ache	negative
come on today i love you . if reliess were there how much hit would it have been ?	neutral
salman khan brother life nice ha very nice salman brother beautiful songs	positive
What happened to the loan ?	neutral
no nothing	positive
did you say 3:30	neutral
this is old stock	neutral
i want to say a lot about salman because of what i told you salman khan	negative
Are all your files working in github ?	neutral
whoever wants to like your profile pic by 1000 + add it and score massege only indians	neutral
poor guddu , when the person who takes the table cries , the tortoise sir opens his mouth .	negative
all song rocking haan bhai	positive
Bro , today's party . Don't watch this song or film .	neutral
@ someUSER 13th . there is no android device worth buying outside of the nexus line , in my opinion . especially not the galaxy s line	negative
Jai ho !	positive
the goods of smuggling get discharged	negative
we are	neutral
Vrindavan Dham ! hail lord Gopal ! # beefban # beefban # beefban http : t .co kor3pboqgr	neutral
No , you won't be fooled after thinking this . Your thought is false .	negative
rt @ jeewan15224 : @ gurmeetramrahim # msgyouthicon drink ji ... everything is because of you ..	positive
Salu Gख्bi hello hi you have come	neutral
this again prove that human brain is the only one which can do anything .	positive
i am infront of tv right now . . nd m . p . ki ralayai jai . . :)	neutral
The spelling of the mirror is trivial : P	neutral
nice to see your mom along with you and not busy cooking in the kitchen . mom makes the new year even more happier	positive
Take Kara to translate Hindi from that same	negative
magician's magic . . . hand's wonder . . : p	positive
Aisha rathoor , what did you say , sir ?	positive
we thought we'd never see the day - axl rose does 1st tv interview in 20 yrs and shows up on time ! watch : http URL	neutral
sad yr ... . prents supprt you won't win or who won't win ... . dnt wry dea ... . god bless you	neutral
brother look near you sometime , you will forget yourself	positive
@ gurmeetramrahim # blockbustermsg ji father , wealth , satguru , you are our only lord .	neutral
salman khan is crazy	negative
the landlord from will ferrell . avi http URL via @ someUSER this will cure the monday blues . funny funny shit	positive
brother the movie will run so much that it will be a record	positive
greetings salman brother	positive
13k lol	negative
@ itwingdss pls confirm # msgincinemas available on 23rd jan not tomorrow	neutral
tomorrow channel 4 is 30 years old . presenting the channel 4 # spotify playlist . what do you remember ? http URL # channel4	neutral
really	positive
Luv u bhai ... u r so cute .... bajki jaan salman khan .. anaita parmar	positive
honey's forgiveness . waah india waah india . # goforgold # indvsuae	positive
i used to reverse cassette and check that new games came out : p	neutral
best is mario	positive
come brother	neutral
@ someUSER i am going to Bali tomorrow for the weekend for office retreat	neutral
nanda lala prime minister ? a la matade ku ? yashoda jastone radha ku ? saye negrao , la matade dijo sonriendo aschuchar mið jastone jastone Radha tin los negros negros enga :) unaŸ en ti es por eso que es negro ,	neutral
girls	neutral
Han brother is very big	neutral
#153 H10 council can sincerely think of starting " H10 Safari ... 1 hour wild tour to Paradise " . This way people like #146 can rest in peace and H10 can raise a huge fund )	neutral
sir will you come to kashmir again plz reply	neutral
does log du pass out .... have to put confession anything	negative
I saw a shock .	neutral
Beauty lies in the eyes of the beholder .... depends on you whom do you see as beautiful .. can't generalize the fact above though	neutral
oh brother life	neutral
come you y	neutral
Avi ku good night , fun is still left ..# listen	neutral
brother	neutral
salman a lot of people say wrong things about you i don't feel like it	negative
# cfc @ someUSER is the best of the premier league ! his overall ea sports player performance index score : 217 . ( 1st place ) # matamagic	positive
Sm thang hppnd wd me , bae mvd on . starton me suicide krne ka man chta he bae bae kch krne se flowe from krne to your family's grave . those who have grown up so much , go to thief alone skti . .	neutral
you were like nsui's beer , you were like my mother's beer	negative
Gnatgunit	neutral
jeŸ boy jan aunty over murray ! what is going on in paris ? ! we'll have a new master's 1000 winner . no big 4 past the 3rd round .	positive
the biggest benefit of cls monitor hone was today itself , saala used to eat the biggest ladu . .	positive
what nonsence is thas .... . thieve peers for love .. and kill snake and ranbir .... . oh ....	neutral
@ hdfclife @ imvkohli india need 42 runs to win .. seems a lot easy now # myteammypride # indvsuae # cwc2015	neutral
so much like a computer mad dog .	positive
you should have taken a naked or half naked pic of him and share it on his wall .	negative
wow drew peterson was just convicted on september 6th for murder of his 3rd wide and they never found the body of his 4th wide smfh	negative
Mother earth's burden has been lightened	positive
Modi ji will make a new history .	positive
ma'am .	negative
@ thecodinghulk @ lalua11233 @ bboindia oh my god . i wonder to watch pk movie in the style of amir khan	positive
bjp did not get sleep , did not get peace , did not get happiness modi ji's wave got lost . # aapstorm # aapsweep	negative
maam .	neutral
plz cal sallu bhai bollywood i am a big fan plz cal +8801719447771 hail you	positive
@ srbachchan # shamitabh # madness # shamefulness .... madness like madness ! http : t .co r3r1bqklqe	positive
11 . increasingly increasing crude oil prices in the market . now crude oil prices are increasing	positive
a man wid golden words	positive
i think i fell in love with a h10 girl . but i live in h13 . is it possible to maintain a long distance relationship ?	neutral
weeks are great brother	neutral
it's nov 2nd , at mumbai int'l airport with @ someUSER . leaving india in 2 hours . mixed bag of feelings . # timeflies # bittersweet	positive
Aai woke up	neutral
superlike . . . . . this so called unk is a product of male chauvinistic society .	negative
salman brother don't take up tenshan apki movei supar dupar hit hai something good or something bad hai jo apni ( c ) mra ra hai aur jo mra ra hai jo bhi apki movei deki deki lalu aadth hai na suleymani kida jo insert hai	positive
this brother , tell me the song .	positive
how is this joke , to make a thumb bend is a joke .	neutral
@ someUSER cof cof ~ someone is going to germany on November 30 . oh i really envy you :) http URL	positive
you want to bring him to india	neutral
Nokia 630 ðŸ ̃ððŸ ̃ ‚	neutral
this is my country	neutral
Mr . Pm we have a wound on you . Manish Kumar , नसriganj	positive
championship thurs @ blue raider hoop camp today ! ! ! closing ceremonies @ 3:45 in murphy center ! ! ! autographs with all players !	neutral
after doing practical no of practical	positive
Hi Anurag	negative
@ someUSER why doesnt sony promote first party games ? ac3 commercials are on tv all the time . and no one ( cont ) http URL	negative
how do they score flying kick in double dragon	positive
people say that there are no natural actors in our country	negative
I would have been a citizen of delhi in Agra , I wouldn't vote for aap .	negative
smashing melons ain't my thingrt @ someUSER okay , noel gallagher is playing in louisville on november 4th . who's going with me ?	neutral
sister-in-law mario at red sunrise page	neutral
hello new year !	positive
@ someUSER check @ someUSER timeline mate , looks like we'll find out if we found the gym . if vitali steps up we may have to go too	neutral
jabardust is a post buddy .	positive
guddu can't be burnt because guddu's burnt	neutral
how did you know that i used to do exactly the same in my home town during winters . nostalgia ki goli ! !	neutral
see dude that because at night it is easier to go to rajavi eng chouk than to come so far away	negative
# msgincinemas i want to show you .	neutral
Final last .. cancel the ticket	neutral
@ someUSER eleanor , that's cool , it would be great to see your pastel art . ;) link to the painting i did on monday http URL	positive
in this film hindu people's baout is made salman made bajrangi's water boiling	negative
man .. who made it special ?	neutral
salman brother where are you	neutral
rt @ Shipz : thorns are old in the garden .. wow wow # union budget2015 # fm # arunjaitely	neutral
Acha Bhosdicki ðŸ ̃ ‚	neutral
Hey	positive
the government is in power for five years . so by making the budget realistic and not populist , the government did a right thing . # union budget2015	positive
sir , we are roaming around desert without writing pad . we have spent so much time waiting to get work . we are behind all the money sir . plz plzp sir .	negative
Sanjay Dutt needs eight more days to shoot for pk http : t . co hhueiefh33 # movie # news	neutral
Pm	neutral
give some frequency interruption .	neutral
why are you salman brother	neutral
oh to elections , even ma'am wanted to see prime minister .	positive
sat here with a cuppa coffee , watching jeremy kyle with @ someUSER # lovely	positive
I am not coming , to the high people too .	neutral
the farmers who farm in kitchen garden , today represent farmers in media panel . # landacquisitionbill	positive
khan bhu also	neutral
Mummy had to threaten . . . : P :-	negative
jennifer hudson , others perform at whitney houston tribute : just before the grammys in february . http URL # fashion # style	neutral
It's 4:02 sir	neutral
salman has taken this twitter saying that he took this salman's post from twitter . what are we doing here ?	neutral
One day I came to meet you on cycle from my village . I am in July sir .	neutral
gud job by media . update news about logging from which logging is inspired .	positive
Bro , Marley is also ready to send confessions on the page . What's the matter , the page is on progress :)	positive
happy new year gurdu , you always dance like this , no matter how many years you have passed	positive
the pain is far deeper than a billy cundiff missed field goal . gotta wake up and forget about it tomorrow . # orioles # stayhungry	neutral
All the best goutam	positive
Machine speak machine	neutral
Password	neutral
plz search google name of mukhtar abbas naqwi wife and his father in law name , sahnawaz husain wife also your eyes will open .	positive
I will pay tomorrow itself	neutral
Acha Acha chalo is the theme	neutral
so with bey performing at the superbowl in fb . i'm assuming new material in the coming months before hand then album after grammy's	neutral
As long as there is cinema in the country , people will keep making jokes : P	negative
@ someUSER i really like forsberg , maybe above everyone else . hopefully the pick isn't traded for sam gagner and a 7th rounder .	positive
raina .... now win the heart here and there # indvspak	positive
Don't take tension . It will come for the name .	negative
brother my questions ... who do you want the most ?	neutral
when i see reactions to stories about " benefit scroungers " and the " lazy poor " in the sun , i wonder if murdoch is a latter-day pavlov	neutral
true story , teachers staff room in the teacher's class makes more noise than the boys	positive
I am the hottest figure girl :) :)	positive
Please give me two pockets , sir . I want to meet Salman sir .	positive
Is there a rule made for those who sleep by opening middle berth at anytime ? # rail budget2015	positive
Bro , it's 4 already .	neutral
Ma'am also cried a lot brother	negative
this is salman khan's old habit .... come lazily	negative
@ someUSER saturday , i buy my ticket for the # tmhtour in belgium ! i'm so happy !	positive
Both of you see that when the money comes out of this place , it will be distributed to you . You should get the tab that royal boy .	neutral
today's party is from my side nice song brother	positive
Amit Dogra Punit Negi Ajit Dhiman Akash Dhiman Chaitanya Kumargudu sees and ends by taking power of l ! : p	positive
Guy , my profile picture is very good .	neutral
i am thinking about the girl who killed the Buddha .. . # extrememannerisms	negative
my greetings to brother	positive
greetings brother	neutral
India will become superpower	positive
i also made a model in childhood , but the teacher rejected it as if it was bought . . :(	negative
sallu brother . where are you ?	neutral
# rahulonleave the good days of congress are coming ! :)	positive
when will your 4 salman come ? lol	negative
cut the boy a bit bigger now , come on valentines day .	positive
after 15 lakhs , bjp has given more tin . bjp's tin bander . # aapsweep	negative
it's okay right	neutral
the name of the bank is valid ?	positive
anna thousands is hungry for a fast . # landacquisitionbill	neutral
take a hit on your heart . b'day means one year's work . what to celebrate about it . # live the day of life as if it is the last . keep smiling .	positive
at 4 there is class in my college brother :(	neutral
Tu Karle	neutral
@ Jaijastadedha dii . you done a fab job in the movie . your role is superb . you are पापji's ladly daughter . you are so lucky . # blockbustermsg	positive
in our class loyal to teachers , they brought solar cooker and windmill from the market and there was a different fun of making ' holi ' projects on their way , no one asked about them , they stayed in the class , they became sad :-( their mother is thermacol , there is a different fun of making thermocol projects .	negative
@ someUSER smh i'm just waiting on the black ppl to cuss me out tomorrow about denzel lol niggas !	negative
you focus on gfts , that's why i took account of gfts , oh	neutral
whose promise i lose , even beyond 4 miles , i won't be able to believe because 8 women are watching the truth .	positive
jai hind	positive
what is this Mun ?	neutral
god is where are you song lyrics from pk movie http : t . co jmext4is3h	neutral
64 in one test should also be done ! ! ! and in sixty sports period track and field games should be done , which should be repeated in 100000 in one .	positive
She will go back in the evening	neutral
Bro Bro Bro . . . Something has happened . We have made teachers . .	positive
october 27 , completes the its 61 years kenneth " kk " downing jr . , guitarist in the british heavy metal band judas priest http URL	neutral
super 1 . . . this scene is worth framing	positive
very bad	negative
# cwc15 # indvspak now this man . if he plays for pak alone then something can happen . what will this guy from outside do about the team ?	negative
Honda , please .	negative
Gudu's wife was not ready to prestige , she will remain with him from kaha .	negative
@ sureshpprabhu # rail budget2015 yatri please pay attention .	neutral
this dialogue was better if bipasha had spoken .	neutral
there is a government of corruption , corruption will continue to happen # beefban	negative
mam , there is no work for girls . there are boys who marry girls who are pregnant , and they give their names to their brothers . they feed them like their brothers . so respect both a girl or boy .	positive
wow awesome .	positive
so happy hisd has no school tomorrow ! no student teaching in the morning ! !	positive
please salman sir . let this poor guy take some time to meet you apointment dean	neutral
brother brother brother .. love you brother ..	positive
Iam waiting brother .	neutral
i had a " nightmare " last night where i missed the 2nd rd of my # fantasybasketball draft and they autodrafted me jr smith . # truestory lol	negative
Aam Aadmi Party is worthy of opposition	positive
if you are more understanding than both of them , then you have something to say . 8 )	positive
Even the particular baal won't be able to hit .	neutral
@ someUSER nick diaz is da best ! smoke weed every day and drop out of school in 6th grade ! fuck yeah !	positive
brother you will cross 50000 in seconds now you say hello brother do zzzzzzzzz	neutral
My number	neutral
what are you showing me ?	neutral
thought i would try the black glasses look . . . . i may need the malcolm x joints tho ' http URL	neutral
#31 After having dinner atGullu I was traveling back to hostel in u u and there i saw a sweet girl in specs and her smile was very cute ... I hope she reads this ... ;-)	neutral
Tusday is sixteen hour day and i'm still up .	neutral
gone amala the chipku # indvssa	negative
Tatti Na	negative
guddu please write mirror correctly . . . is hindi also weak ?	negative
I will have to get out quickly from there only	neutral
haan kar ra ho	neutral
There is something definite right yr	negative
welcome * "*'*'*'*'*' * ' * ' * ' * ' * ' * ' * ' * ' * superhit movie * "*"*"*"* ' * ' * ' * : welcome fance party * "* '-' * ' - ' * ' * ' * ' * ' * superr * ' * ' * ' * ' * ' * ' * ' * ' * ' * ' * ' * : * duper * "* ' * ' * ' * ' * ' * ' * best * ' * ' * ' * ' * ' * ' * ' * ' * ' * ' * ' * ' * ' * ' * : very nice * "* ' * ' *: * ' * bajrangi bhai * "*' *' *' * ' * ' * ' * bajrangi bhai *' * "*"*' * ' * ' * ' * ' :	positive
hard the impossible .	negative
Love you love you salman brother	positive
iwant pk movie of this type with entertainment . http : t .co kejw	neutral
Radhika medan - leave salman alone , everyone else will call you .. ;) :)	positive
@ vishalviruvirat even though i am desperate to open book and read it , i still don't want it . # indvspak # wc15	neutral
time has come	neutral
it's past 4 but the matter is still left	neutral
you people are very rich . for you party is a common thing . but what about people who don't even want to treat you . i feel like my friend wants your help . you are partying , please make him happy .	neutral
guddu how is the cold in the morning guddu . . mustard seed has come out of the tap	negative
my teachers call themselves givng us candy . wasn't even the good stuff . i might go to walmart or cvs tomorrow	negative
meaning	neutral
gaurav . . when the car was small , the tabs were saved like this .	neutral
mortal combat , how did i walk my feet .	neutral
sallute to this humanity . . . . nice . . .	positive
I am waiting for you	neutral
this time he brought india's name he laena team india	positive
@ someUSER aw lucky , i was sat on my aunt's couch somewhere in germany at the time watching the livestream and bawling my eyes out omg	positive
frst announcemnt -- the 5 children with cycles on the ground should be hit by the wind	neutral
what is this trance music ?	neutral
this is your 1 day's love . afterwards you will also be equal to him who loves you and not him who suffers 400 miles from you .	neutral
@ hdfclife @ imvkohli मंjula guruge to kohli ... no runs	neutral
@ someUSER if he's in the house , does pmsh usually answer elizabeth may if she gets a k ?	neutral
Guddu's mother had a big hand in the match , guddu's father didn't stop it .	negative
say ?	neutral
piz contect me	neutral
your mother's	negative
this is the parable that now our society does not express its thoughts about someone's thinking , because today it expresses its thoughts on status , which is absolutely wrong .	neutral
brother i have spoken a lot about you @ BeingSalmanKhan	neutral
tell the public how many bottles of illicit liquor ec have been raided from your candidate's godown	neutral
Anna Hazare brought kajariya to become pm , , , , , Oka movement ek conspiracy tha . . . . . . public is all life	negative
sister-in-law fears classmates : los angeles , nov 1 ( ians ) singer sister-in-law is still in touch with some . . . हटप URL @ someUSER	negative
just click on this link below and install kare . then click on 1 or 2 apps ( flipkart , 9apps etc . ) and then you will get 200 recharge from your account within 1 hour . happy earning	positive
Churu Rajasthan	neutral
@ Somusar hayyyuy can you bring my nirvana shirt tomorrow ? & lt ; 3	neutral
brother , no one can think of delhi's development as you can think of	positive
dili said heart and sanjay said again . well wisher from kashmir	positive
how much will the Mac book air cost brother	neutral
centre suffering from ' policy paralysis ' , alleges jayalalithaa : jayalalithaa on tuesday charged the upa governme . http URL	neutral
oh brother : the worst thing is to sit around and watch tv at new year eve .	negative
these teachers were unable to pass engineering exams , and their girlfriends engineers got married and all their frustration was spent on bacho :@ :(	negative
egg de veer of de CONTEST this ashish inani , hi gates a veer special mission for travel to OUTFOX US AS वेल As for Doing Super RG so noble ls crown win _ conversion	positive
can't wait to hear tomorrows cmag meeting about horny ( coni ) report . baages wait and watch you will be grilled tomorrow ! cmag a hope .	negative
come sister	negative
now the country is jealous of sadhvi . in delhi , whose government is left to ramzade or harmazade ? # delhidecides # aapsweep # delhivotes # abhiki delhi	negative
i love you salman sir . i want to meet you once salman sir this is my wish salman sir	positive
make a bad picture of a girl --------------- --------------- - - every girl has a life of parents . don't make a bad picture of yours on facebook . that day the earth will shake . that day you will get your sister's photo on some page . that day you will cry because of tears from your eyes . people of the world will lose their trust . this kavita ( poetry ) is for facebook page admins and users who upload a picture of a girl and ask , " how is this item ? ” this kind of shameful post is going to happen a lot these days . please share this with more friends , do not abuse someone for some fun . plz plz give me sixty plz	negative
Hey boy , again failed . Could not cross 3 stages .	negative
guddu has become very vulgar	negative
rt @ Dasbantal : 1979 srilanka . 1999 zimbabwe 2007 bangladesh this time bakchodi mat karna . # indvsuae	negative
Bro , Bhopu has ruined the backyard . . But Amardeep Sharma has something more to say . . . aditya varshney	negative
free rail	positive
sir bajrangi bhaijaan has ali quli mirza and najeem khan	neutral
' choke ' de ... ' choke ' de u india # indvssa # cwc15 http : t .co wcgdpncxl7	positive
he would have repeated the same game 100 times	neutral
what ? ?	neutral
your gags are a1 , that's the decision brother . the day has come Pandkar .	positive
blow it fast .	negative
guru numbari chela दस numbari :) # annareturns # landacquisitionbill # landordinance # motherteresa http : t . co 1gtci8ixaq	negative
whats wrong . people protesting against pk . movie dsnt say anythn bad about gods , its about d fake baba who cheat in the name of god .	neutral
who's going to pumpkins and pancakes at @ someUSER october 28 ? # halloween	neutral
who are you ? samduddin kejri sir showed me your stature . i didn't understand you .	negative
@ istandwithaap modi go to market ... kejri brother's thousand # laluman # rail budget2015 # faku	negative
it's nice no problem	neutral
this is fake news shame on you media usa how much given you money blady media	negative
the day when our patriotism is at its peak . # cwc15 # indvspak	neutral
Bro , I should have given you some time earlier . I am sorry , bro .	neutral
whatever happens ... go to sleep ... try to be happy ...	positive
@ thequint # rahulonleave b # whereisrahul ? answerrightoption a :Ÿnnati b : ba aunty c : cambodia luckywinnerwillget a free holiday with him !	neutral
cmon fm impress me ... excited for the union budget after a long long time ! # makeinindia budget # union budget2015 # mygovt	positive
when indian gdp is on acceleration rahul baba is on vacation # rahulonvacation # rahulonleave	neutral
Sir , the sixty little girl you are shooting , did you take a moonlight on shooting in the boat once plz reply me .	neutral
Checking in labs store	neutral
rt @ abhishkajala : common man's biggest burden @ nagma _ morarji @ द्रंकvenodemahta @ incindia # rail budget2015 http : t . co pfkdpx3aw1	positive
will father eat halwa bali bar	neutral
admin has said , open your eyes duites , know the all facts	neutral
you celebrate nihil brother , right ?	neutral
No one asked me about old things .	neutral
i have a joke , haha . 20 rupay . . kyu aunty aunty 10 rupay . . 5 rupay i kaam nai chalega . . . yeh le 4 rupay . . is me se 3 rupay kharch karna aur aunty 1 rupay wapas kar dena . . # lol . .	positive
then what are you saying ..	neutral
if anyone really serious agnst # landacquisitionbill # landordinance thn first return land taken from farmers to build samadhis of nehru-gandhi	neutral
what time tomorrow ?	neutral
brother plzz come	neutral
come on , his hand is in front of the girls . you will feel fantastic .	positive
This is wrong . I am an old believer in Raina .	positive
we go toffee instead of ladu . congrats to everyone	negative
@ shailendragreen puri delhi broke your promise # aapsweep	positive
i haven't understood the principle of boiling using these goggles # indvsuae	negative
have you written it ?	neutral
first mai muslim , after that mai bhai's frnz hunn frenz hai bhajrangi movie flop hogi	negative
Bharatata lovely son modi jahu	positive
continued assault - indianapolis faces a tough miami defense this sunday , one that ranks third in the league in yard . http URL	neutral
@ someUSER again it was a thursday watching nadal game and tried to type ffs .	neutral
Gudy morningy	neutral
Happy Holi to you Tu bhai	neutral
it's past 4 but Bhai is still left to come ;)	neutral
@ishyaski : i don't know who has murdered my soul , why didn't Anna think about it . # arvindannaback # landacquisitionbill	neutral
first time listing to red : " does this diva think she's avril lavigne ? " second - 54th time : can't stop . listening .	positive
what happened to you hindi is amazing = very beautiful	neutral
understand what is reality aayegi	neutral
salman sir please come its 4:02	neutral
I don't think so butg	neutral
hey hey true incidents	positive
salman khan shoots a new movie from agra city plz sir	neutral
let us wish him a long , long , very long leave . # rahulonleave	neutral
PM's respect . my respect . jai hind	positive
Hiii salman i form mardin we are love you bolly fans Turkey love you love you come in turkey come in Istanbul mohhh u we salman brother i love you moah Ÿ u are films likooo ? my favorite films steal steal steal :)	positive
Help me brother plzz help me	negative
everyone is useless . no one is going to come . salman will not come .	negative
it's past 4 ... now come my brother .. :-(	neutral
Nehru was one and a half man	neutral
@ someUSER stick to college hoops and pandering to 2nd rate acc teams . dook's opening game is right around the corner , baby ! !	positive
@ narendramodi we hindus are really stupid now all anti bjp using pk movie as tool to drag bjp into this and later claim disturbance due to bjp	negative
Ual find it there	neutral
खुjliwal is crazy .	negative
@ someUSER first , *Ÿo . 2nd , you know who's higher ? darko millicic , lebron james , carmelo anthony , etc .	neutral
c'mon avila ! you just got tagged out by a guy who looks like the kid bill murray was researching in the royal tenenbaums ! # tigers	neutral
woow woow	positive
greetings	neutral
aar pakistan won , you should say openly .. pakistan is losing because of taking larkki ... cheating is # Irfaan # पाकVasinda # indvspak	negative
Whenever there was an annual inspection , the last copy of the copies was checked . . . Ma'am used to give me time to check bana's copy . . . nd used to say that the faulty copy got checked . . . :-)	neutral
now he will get a gift as a gift onhis b'day :(	neutral
seems like he watched tri series and test series with udbilao only	neutral
come friend	negative
Who	neutral
kejrival ka manifesto what happened to me of red light , i won't even win , why didn't you win for common man	negative
the memories of school days . . . ' this will dry up till morning ' was epic !	positive
salute to brother	positive
my sis won tickets for the jonas brothers concert @ fort canning on monday .	positive
rt gurmeetinsa777 : gurmeetramrahim # msgincinemas pitaji , mercy and mercy to everyone . love everyone . power of peace . http : t . co cf2w0fuwoa	positive
November : my birthday month , election day , a weekend in san fran with @ someUSER naples for thanksgiving , lots of friends and family . yes .	positive
Yes brother .	positive
dude sallu brother if you are the best then everyone has to go to ruin his name	positive
@ Somusar lololololololol i am a sg on the bucks so i am on a good team , but under monta ellis . whats your position ? were you picked 3rd ?	positive
i am waiting to see this pic salman brother	neutral
contra ! :) mario !	positive
16 . vote bank's rule has led to increasing terrorism , hamle and horrible riots in the country which are now being eradicated without any discrimination .	positive
you are life brother or vanished :(	neutral
cupid did so much work da 1st time that he don't want to be my friend no more	negative
which thesisg day is it	neutral
I have a strong sense for who this guys might be ( not 100% sure though ) and looking at some of the past comments you should be able to at least make a good guess .	neutral
they are awesome right mam	positive
Double bed size	positive
my xbox live ends tomorrow :( mw3 and gears3 all day ! hit me up !	neutral
How did you treat the police girl with a pen , son , how did you feel	neutral
क्रो , , , oh god , vote to Khujliwala , , , we see what he is doing to make this country worse , what he is doing to make it worse ? Congratulations , 2017me president's election in america , , , oh god , don't run away from this house Khujliwala , , , hahahahah , this house will burn all americans party's name .	negative
Now I remember where my childhood went : D	neutral
Have you eaten food ?	neutral
I am your daughter-in-law a very very very very very big fan	positive
i have already told you that i am sorry for bhai	neutral
Man , if I had kept it in March , I would have surely come . Good luck for the event .	neutral
@ someUSER you're saying perseverance in all instances . that doesn't mean # occupyauc is equivalent to 25 jan revolution . see the diff ?	negative
api integration has happened but .. there are no sms credits .. it seems hum will have to buy something	neutral
india . . . . india . . . . hail you	positive
brother , will you make me cry :( i remembered something : d	neutral
Hi , I am Salu . I am from the clouds .	neutral
seems like brother's watch is slow ;-)	neutral
# indvsuae # cwc15 # wontgiveitback catch dropped by raina chillax its fine	positive
it was our fun to open the throw of naya bat .	positive
I remembered that कमीna kutta of duck hunt	negative
rt @ immortal _ luster : Baba gurmeet ram rahim singh human can not book तत्काल ticket because six people . # rail budget2015	negative
very good indian labour .	positive
free hugging day ? :) may free kissing day ? oh . oh my god , how are you ? @ Somusar @ Somusar	neutral
# aapstorm did arnab congratulate any party before ? he use to say all these days he won't accept appreciation from parties nor appreciate	neutral
oh batsman .. spend some time on crease # indvsuae	neutral
Mumm .	neutral
ha ha ha . . . now what came from this story ? attention monger ?	neutral
yo yo peeli wali cassette : d	neutral
wwf was also a part of study material . . ;) . . . are the स्टिकrs of the जॉन Sena ? ? amazing :)	positive
plzz help me brother plzz read my comment plzz help me .	neutral
maths are awesome for you !	positive
debutant अक्षरa haasan's role is tailor made for her . she fits in perfectly . # shamitabh	positive
Ha did i think about it ..	neutral
only in 20 seconds .	positive
these lovers did not leave the metro	negative
rt @ ballisticbrain : # replug # modi " ' will not <unk > go ; will not eat ' " # beefban	neutral
i am your fen too and i consider you the biggest guru	positive
go to sleep	negative
i'm sharing my candy with lyric , alena , dejanae and marquell tomorrow :)	neutral
Datz Gal nt prfct 4 u err ... cuz c iz attrct wid anothr prnsn nd 2morrw anothr prsn so ,.... u 4get her bro	neutral
correctly i am not getting improved .	negative
Aina Khan ignore this and never understand . If you say something , then you will start abusing those who call us muslims .	neutral
salman brother get tension .... we are not going to come in ovaisi's talks .. movie is super duper hit	positive
calm before the storm . i am ready ! ! ! " good girl , bad girl " stage play tomorrow at fabc ! after this show , up next is , " don't judge me . "	neutral
if this crowd is real then victory will come to you yourself why are you wasting your money do some charitable work out of these money	positive
rt @_ green _ bird _ : me : abdu i want to buy some shoes . abdu : son yesterday i was at work : p # pakvsind # indvspak are you happy ?	neutral
Where is Bahadur left ?	neutral
bro , you are bored . reply ?	neutral
@ someUSER hi ashley , my country , south korea like the us will be the presidential election on december 19 :)	neutral
@ Somujar @ Somujar just whip it baby , whip it all night ( welcome to soul train fandom ; may you never leave )	positive
this is yesterday's talk , it has come to news channels too . will kejriwal cancel his nomination now ?	neutral
@ someUSER this sunday . revenge , and a game winning for kyle williams . we have already destroyed the last 2 teams and we'll keep rollin	positive
I saw it just now	neutral
thinking neighbors probably don't have work tomorrow . so , it's cool if i turn up di judas priest and just rock out all night , yeah ?	positive
poor guy : i don't have accha but i have kids . they come from the owner's house and come in front of me and play with me . # indvssa	neutral
# rail budget2015 how is your budget then ? @ madanpad @ mcgautam @ ashirbad20	positive
see what happens in the future , this leader is a thief .	negative
we are ready for you . we are waiting for you .	neutral
ð thanq maam	positive
oh brother	neutral
greetings maha modi ji	neutral
@ someUSER introduced me to big l when i was in the 9th grade . i was really deaf to real hip hop music back in the 9th grade lol	neutral
2nd movie for the night - ghost rider # nowwatching ~	neutral
e may have done a dumb thing , but it's out there now . my new , long term goal : the challenge http URL	neutral
@ someUSER i'll be in poland but back sunday eve , catch you then !	neutral
arvind kejriwal is on a massive hugging spree . first the president then rajnat . he will beat the whole country . # delhidecides	neutral
take your purse and buy h b : d : p	negative
modi ji move ahead i need you	positive
# delhidecides . kiran bedi will discuss on floor of the house . @ thekiranbedi take it to the बहाs legislative assembly .... yes yes yes ..	neutral
come out and have some laughs with me , spartacus , and max at caroline's comedy club this wednesday october 24th ! http URL	positive
i like you so much i have been waiting for you since my childhood i will wait till marte daam i am a big fan . . . . nepal	positive
pakistan follow on , to be safe , will push you to the ground . # indvspak	neutral
Addd mee frnds	neutral
now why are you mad when jhodu has gone mad # aapsweep # kshidelli # haha	neutral
@ Somusar 1 white ? does'nt matter ; malcolm x may have been as well . still no specifics . u pup don't have hv ideas except make bombs killem all	negative
kumar viswas ji is not dependent on kiran bedi , Puri delhi is with you kumar , viswas live long	positive
Hmm salu brother , come fast here , we will have loadshafing : d	neutral
from a call to prayer for america saturday at the washington reflecting pool with the washington monument in the .	neutral
afterwork social @ someUSER s . king dr . from 4-9 saturday . steppin , food , drinks . 5 days work and sixth day for relaxation .	positive
Indian's batting was like a ' Rang de Basanti ' movie , everyone did well but everyone died in the end .	neutral
@ tharun _ Telugu brother .. pk #ॡrampuli distributed suicide bcos of pk movie http : t . co s1Ÿmvd	negative
listen to the girl and tell me what was the 3rd question . . what was the ans of that	neutral
why are some gals like this dumb ... - -	negative
come let's have fun	positive
this goes way too fast : o its been already a year that i saw avril lavigne in concert & lt ; 3 october 25 2011 , one of the best day of my life : d	neutral
from now onwards every time @ modi government :) # unconsciousness # beefban # 2015yearofsocialprogression # onestepclosertohumanity	positive
now win world cup or not india's australia tour will be successful	positive
i always used to think ultra nerds make up iitb . now i realize that you guys are as clueless as anyone else in the same age group , possibly more socially challenged !	negative
seems my new ipod doesn't like kasabian very much - laptop has crashed every time it's goat to syncing empire . 10th time lucky . . .	negative
greetings brother	neutral
hear it ... see the competition ... except putting confessions .. what else do you do ?	negative
brother once with me	neutral
my fvrt prgm	positive
nostalgia	positive
Everything is awesome .	neutral
Sir , it's time for my tuition ... plz reply	neutral
guddu , how did you get so excited ?	neutral
taking l power ? it was the most rubbish to take . :)	negative
our wacky wednesday promo is going a bit ground hog day ! ! ! i say our our wacky wednesday promo is going a bit . . . http URL	negative
salman brother you are lotus	positive
woo lol	neutral
talk beforehand	negative
assllamualim jumma mubarak	positive
rt @ singhhyderabad : @ anshi2017 : give votes to honest party in delhi .. # vote4aap # pressjhaadubutton	neutral
he came to gurgaon here	neutral
#170 Can I join the admins in maintaining the page ? I am currently in my 3rd year now , and can speak write fairly good English .	neutral
# mcg was so blue today that it looked mumbai crickrt ground . # indvssa # worldcup	neutral
hi salman bajrangi bhaijan	neutral
did # naik just pull off a broadcast coup when # starsports asked fans to endorse # bleedblue . never know . # indvsuae http : t .co nxitphnis	neutral
by god this one is super paanshu gag made faisal brother i swear	positive
Admin was waiting since morning for the clock to strike 12 so that he can post this msg ... P	neutral
Han but we will have to learn how to manage	neutral
@ someUSER hello aaron , will you be with Israel tomorrow night ?	neutral
@ pepsiindia # peptalk # indvssa # cwc15 indian bowlers aur fielders hold the ball like their # grasp , all pepsi in their # grip !	neutral
expect light-moderate rains over e . visayas ; cebu , bohol , समr & amp ;Ÿte have 30- 70% chance of rains tonight ! expect fair weather tomorrow ! :)	neutral
now @Jonlokpal bill will be passed on the six of hearts # aapsweep	neutral
apple software , retail chiefs out in overhaul : san francisco apple inc seo tim cook on monday replaced the heads . http URL	neutral
maam	neutral
but i got 30 life in contra of hard work	neutral
whose marriage will happen brother ?	neutral
oh Haha salluu	positive
whatever happens . mom's lap is the best place to relax :)	positive
you do it son .. you won't be able to do it . ## twistedbollywooddialogues # rahulonleave . # whereisrahul	negative
What is the plan for the weekend ?	neutral
give me two min de	neutral
aaj ra hu	neutral
mamu if you recieve my msg then please reply mamu good morning .	neutral
Sorry frndz salman sir is very busy now he comes in 5 minutes	neutral
well-wished	neutral
Sj Soriful what did you say . if salman likes this much , i will burn ash in your house .	negative
boy boy they say boy to bring a donkey from another class :-)	neutral
i don't know how can # indvssa be this intresting : hate it ... india will loose can't watch match :(	negative
rt @ ssinsan777 : @ gurmeetramrahim papa ji keep the panka of teno vachano in place papa ji .... i love you papa ji ... # msgyouthicon	positive
sir do you have mercy on me for sms job in your national employment drive	neutral
on the day when you understand this , that day a new pakistan will come out of india . . .	negative
# indvspak count down start . heartbeat out of control .	neutral
Both the girls are jealous of you . If you had a thumb , they would have crossed your side .	negative
super awesome . . . how do you think brother :) ( e )	positive
which page will we talk to brother is it sunny	neutral
this time again your government . vote for you	neutral
Ramdev Baba Baba is not a girl . He is a leader . He is a traitor .	negative
can you offer stability only ? where is your manifesto modi ji . jaanta won't forgive	negative
lack of communication from # nycdoe very frustrating regarding reporting time for work tomorrow . thank you # uft and @ someUSER for information	negative
u r incredibly humorous ! ! !	positive
Salman brother , you have slept like a foreigner .	negative
evening salman won't bat	neutral
if i go to school then i will never go home .	positive
Bro , there is no problem . I am waiting for you .	neutral
I have to go to the office tomorrow .	neutral
this is the victory of common man . # delhidecides # delhielection http : t .co tvwnyqiuzu	positive
are you doing it ?	neutral
please vendor don't see from 8 o'clock in the morning when the blanket will be returned # rail budget2015	neutral
guddu i am not in the position to shout because something else has happened ! ! ! : o : p : d hello rofl	positive
rt @ tan _ tripathi : facts vs fiction # landacquisitionbill deer # aaptards dont read this you won't be able to read ! http : t .co zkoj8khdt2	negative
3.58.... oh kant vaat :)	positive
speak like this dude , do something to show that your parents are killing your daughter .	positive
brother now my net pack has come to an end	neutral
pakistan lost again . this time rahul ! # indvspak # office : p	negative
surely frustated engineer !	negative
mr . kejriwal should take drama classes with gudu :-(	negative
prestige should be taught to bangladeshi fans who give irrelevant minnow reasons for their exit from cwc 2015 .	negative
come today brother	neutral
c'mon india its time to show why we are world champions # indvssa lets bring the glory	positive
I don't understand what to comment . What I thought all the people commented .	neutral
tell sir the sentence is also the same but this behaviour of the teacher is very very bad sir .	negative
Hey sister , you are no one like me . # salman ... you are a disgrace to Pathans .	negative
you are kafar	negative
kyle williams monday press conference : bills defensive tackle kyle williams talks about coming back from the bye .	neutral
those guys who are cracking jokes on confessor are simply sick ! this guy confessed his feeling just to remove weight from his heart and get some help and you making fun of him ? if you cant help him instead of mocking then please pray .	negative
silently humiliate , you are not muslim and you are just one god .	negative
i haven't seen this stupid girl till a long time . he changed his sim for 5 sim . now he is abusing you and harassing you , you want him back . # Facepalm .	negative
you got it right	neutral
There are not enough equations to solve variables . How will guddu solve poor guddu ?	negative
What happened , what happened . I am sitting in front of you . I don't think how sad his family will be .	negative
write summary along with it . . . take the pad .	positive
sorry frnds brother can't come	negative
bjp to introspect on unexpected defeat : # satishupadhyay http : t .co 77zr3pw5fe # aapstorm # aapsweep # abhiki delhidecides	neutral
lamasdfjkalmg . i just saw a picture of jenelle from the 1st day of school in 5th grade . damn that nigga changed .	negative
where are you	neutral
golf capsules : nick watney missed a chance for a 59 on सनde in his cimb classic victory , closing with a course . http URL	negative
great # tetra in india event in mumbai . next event on tuesday in jankar . see you there ? http URL	positive
@ Somusar that would be jeson varitek . pic me as i would love to go to the game shande .	positive
I didn't understand anything .	neutral
That sugarcane is all for me . Ma'am will listen .	neutral
rt @padal _ india : # rail budget2015 expectations promote the tourism with example " palace on wheels " in all the states .	neutral
for kejribaba , how many people have spent 1 . 1 rupee on retweet ? 2 . what is the use of dubai's money in delhi's elections ? 3 . 500 schools and 20 colleges for 6000 acres land . . . 4 . how will you bring 20000 lit free water . . . 5 . how will you nigranite 15 lacs cctvð . . . will you makepuri polce force be washed only for watching tv ? stop making delhi's son a fool . . . the one who doesn't want to treat his kejri , he says i will cure his kejri uncle .	negative
Days Good Times	positive
you may not have known steve sabol's name , but chances are you knew his work . ron jaworski and more look back : http URL	positive
plz dont came as a fraud client .	negative
Gudu is a true actor	positive
say brother to everyone , except me	neutral
it's presidents day at the white house thursday . barack obama hosts george w . bush for unveiling of portrait . george w . bush there too .	neutral
Oops	neutral
a leonard cohen and jeff buckley album just in time for black friday ? # buymethat	neutral
Make group on faisal whatsapp too . We in mumbai also use mobile for gags .	positive
hey god how will this happen : @ sureshpprabhu # rail budget2015 # railway budget	negative
monta ellis : " we can be between the 4th and the 6th place in the east "	neutral
@ arvindkejriwal you betrayed me , poor delhi's future is in danger .	neutral
@ someUSER i think that's standard now . it's actually an improvement . before they were saying the 11th . now the 9th .	positive
Now boss , this is the last confession page .	negative
@ someUSER lorenzo beasley . he was killed on july 17th of last year on the corner of 53rd and king dr . ~# meet 5	negative
What did you say sir ?	neutral
come govt , once distribute iphone for free to these special beggars . many people of india will be fooled by this . they only buy name phones .	positive
i wish god understood gudoo and us all . . . we are india because of our pet match on the day of match	neutral
it will be 1min more brother come	neutral
i love garbage bin	positive
yo yo's song should have been there	neutral
@ Somusar yes , anything possible , but you didn't answer 2nd question . why back to 67 borders ? to make Israel weaker militarily ? if so , why ? ?	neutral
what do you mean , you are a muslim , you are a disgrace to muslims .	negative
if you consider something good and do it , then the result will be bad .	positive
Eis or $ en toc hahaha	negative
PDF is that much bigger	neutral
the only thing i may truly miss about lexington is shoto's !	negative
the postarus fardege of the movie of the dog	negative
the same citizens who had voted for modi in the parliament election , now voted out bjp . nevar forget the people and the promise # aapstorm	neutral
plzz slman you must reply krna hm you have spoken w8	neutral
pick up 5	neutral
fever	neutral
what :(	negative
rt @ 0514c4fcfc99457 : @ gurmeetramrahim # msgyouthicon if you want to ban something in punjab then plz ban on drugs and alcohol not on msg	neutral
soldiers killed on ransom . farmer should die . devotee should die . modi is great mahaan . # landacquisitionbill @ dkumarvishtra	negative
m frnd @somewer is selling tickets for the jonas brothers concert @ fort canning on monday @ $ 50 tickets . that's half the price ! rt !	positive
good luck to my brother from another mother @ someUSER in his fight tomorrow at # ufcengland on fuel tv here in the states . # warkingsbu # ashu	positive
nothing will happen after losing . . either you talk to him about your problem . . . or try yourself . . you will talk to him in english . . slowly your confidence will build you :)	positive
I'll see your pic everyday ..	positive
rt @ economictimes : a quantum jump in gross budgetary support for railways in 2015-16 http : t .co vktpfs8i3c # rail budget2015	neutral
anyways , good morning . did you know about khader adnan's lecture in ramallah tomorrow evening 7:00 pm in ramallah ? do not miss it .	positive
@ someUSER justin is going tea time with sophia grace and rose tomorrow on the ellen show at 4 on really :)	positive
I have one prayer . I want to meet my brother once .	neutral
balloons blowing on cycle wheels made a shocking sound in the village	neutral
what happened brother you didn't talk about yourself , did you forget some work of Puri or forgot about it	neutral
that 4 game :-) or mario's flag , he will snatch it from above ;-)	neutral
rt @ xpress _ sports : # indvsuae : a purely one-sided match as uae all out for 102 at 31.3 overs live scorecard : http : t .co egi6c3nfll	neutral
niggas is having 7th grade fights on here you in high school i can't even deal .	negative
its ok ... focus on your future ... past cnt b chngd ... bt prsnt cn b made . )	positive
do you want to teach me pythagoras theorem while i am in class ?	neutral
no problem	negative
boateng put through his own net in the dying seconds to hand bayer leverkusen a 2-1 victory on sunday evening . http URL	neutral
join us this thursday for the introduction to our dramatic reading of charles dickens's a christmas carol . 11 6-7pm .	positive
Ma'am , go to sleep .	neutral
if he had bettr , he would have posted some motivating post for the welfar of the country . no problem reading this stupid post .	negative
if someone is a bigger fan of sallu than me then most people will watch the first show of this film . if anyone is there add me	neutral
old man , you are a sinner .	negative
# steelernation send our boys to the 2013 nfl pro bowl . http URL via @ Somusar your vote actually counts , unlike the nov 6th election .	neutral
media , you spread the news like this , but the public is happy .	negative
why did you ask	neutral
he belongs to the thief party	negative
hit the rest of the people by hitting the baton . i got butter chcken .	positive
# indvsuae uncle i won't want to burst the app . i will play holi on friday itself .	neutral
Dude sexual preferences apart , anybody who would be caught in the act will be joke of the day for months to come	negative
Bomb .. As formerly described by thee	neutral
this teacher is more desperate than guddu . leave raman sir alone guddu .	negative
@ someUSER wow ! you're also a percy jackson fan ! :-) the 4th book of heroes of olympus will be entitled " house of hades " @ someUSER	positive
this doesn't happen always in all cases Kyo , are you defaming teachers ?	negative
kejriwal's 30 life's rule to hide from friends and to fly a bird from laser reminded me of flying a bird on gol screen	neutral
its awesome , mumbai	negative
brother copied it	negative
this is the religion of boss today . yesterday something happened wrong . . . so today it should be right . . hey idiot . . . it will take a lot of time . . . suddenly you get sb . . . simple time day to your partner . . to yourself . . . . and what should i do to make it normal . . . before many years i cried . . . was it mad love or snake sidi's game . . . . if i love her show it . . . do nethng wat it tasks . . . in love so many people fell down on their foreheads . . . you fell down with four tears . .	neutral
garbage bin brother , the address to the school is this . . . . my seven peasantry and their 700 peasantry will also drink this .	negative
what did i do to take a photo	negative
I will send the photo	neutral
People like you a lot in Pakistan , brother .	positive
@ ashwinikamat1 @ deva _ fadnavis i had a lot of fun ... for the first time in my life bjp has come in law . # beefban @ deva _ fadnavis	positive
and say big style , i'll be akki and by the way lift the ve :-) :-)	positive
#57 reading the confessions on this page makes me feel so relieved ... nau i noo i'm not the only pathological nut at IITB )	positive
@ someUSER hey channing tony provias from aberdeen hope you get a sack on murray this sat ! ! !	positive
brother plzzzzz didn't you release your movie on 27 ramzan . its my request that it should be released on 27 ramzan and on holy night . all muslims pray to him . you are a muslim . # beingsalmankhan # bbthiseid # todaykiparti # bajrangibhaijan	neutral
# rahulonleave can somebody tell how much time he needs for introspection .. come on be street smart and face the ground realities ...	neutral
@ Somusar dam . cant wait to get back . i come home tomorrow night , but leave the next day for elon university in nc	positive
cow is mother in hindu dharma , <unk > ka u mr . fadnavis na shame on u so called educated sickulars opposing # beefban @ swamy39 , @ mediacrooks	negative
How did the policeman find the girl to be interested in son-in-law ?	neutral
when the wind blows tab acting also comes . . . b . .	positive
take baba ji's thullu !	negative
@ gurmeetramrahim @ laluachasauda # msgincinemas good morning pappuji , you gave us a lot of joy	positive
was there a good chit in contra for 30 lives ? ? :( never a patta :'(	positive
when are you coming to take eid's fat fitra	neutral
I don't have confidence in that .	neutral
dis # msgrevolution is nt bounded only to india rather its growing , its nourishing the whole world thanks @ gurmeetramrahim # msgyouthicon	positive
I am nervous about my fans , how can you sleep ?	negative
I can challenge , we can change , bring d bloody bastards on d road , nbang dem brutally behalf of millions ppl Ÿ ppl can't even cold aat rape , nxt time Ÿ	negative
From my enemy .... a girl .... it was .... if my fig was like yours then also go	neutral
welcome mother bharti i have called you	neutral
gambled	negative
But the most important thing was to blow , Isman : P	neutral
Come sweetheart .	neutral
and you used to click small small pieces of chalk . . . or you used to bring small pieces of black board below other sections .	neutral
come , yarkam hit me .	neutral
this was the scene in my home	positive
i won bjp , credit was given to amit shah and blessings were given to devotees . now i might have won in delhi , but credit was given to you # kudosaapvolunteers	positive
oh sister-in-law how are you .	neutral
it's 3:44 , where are you ?	neutral
e can understand # rahulonleave . at least he works harder than the self proclaimed holier than thou prophet arvind kejriwal .	positive
what's the matter brother	neutral
in supav class we used to wash the bushes in school garden	negative
So try something different , black brother .	positive
look at all the people who will run Modi , they say the media has ruined it and in kuto too	negative
where are you we have come	neutral
game 1 of the nlcs and a rematch of the nfc championship game tomorrow . sf's gonna be quarrelling	neutral
i think my mom might buy me the box set bc i've been bugging her about msg and i told her i'd give her $30 if she got it before november 14	neutral
# aapsweep @ aamaadmiparty seed now think of changing symbol from chadu to vacuum cleaner ! :) 67	positive
rohini romita . . . is this a Sunni story ?	neutral
where are you akshay	neutral
Jai luncher paaji . Don't stop eating or thinking about food .	negative
what happened	neutral
We will make changes in that	neutral
My friend , I am a small fan .	positive
" There is ample time and opportunity for creative expression in whatever area I choose . " . . What is your favorite way to express your creativity ?. Louise L Hay	positive
take	neutral
wow it was fun .	positive
hey sir	neutral
Will you come	neutral
why has no one put a youtube video of todd bertuzzi assaulting steve moore on an ipad while he's in the penalty box ?	negative
society won't change if we won't . change your mentality before you post a confession on facebook or go out there to protest .	positive
come now , why are you getting so late .. i am waiting salmaaan sir ji plz when will you come online come online	neutral
@ Dev _ fadnavis .... today with my heart .... hail maharashtra , wherever you are . # beefban	neutral
sex toys are banned in india ... dear only available online as indian penal code of indecency does not alow it to be sold in markets .!!!.... plus stop putin up dis fake confessions !	negative
is he a machine or a human being sadar bhaijaan	neutral
come and make fun of me	negative
So write one para that is what happened and one that is what I think right	neutral
what do you want	neutral
Bro , why are we being beaten up by you ? Salman Khan .	neutral
this pride has ruined guddu	negative
salute brother ramdan mubarak to you	positive
hello new year to those who aren't into " anno domini " . shana towa and all that good jazz ! looking forward to the chinese new year in fb .	positive
Sir , now you have gone on tour to all the states of the country . Just like you went in 2014 election . Now see how much change has happened or not .	negative
happy eid ( eid mubarak to bajrangi bhaijaan )	positive
Aaj pilgrimage tour	negative
Sir , I will go to mumbai . I will definitely live near your house .	neutral
for a second guddu's mother abused him	negative
will you take away my entire country's sixty wishes for you .	positive
I am your biggest fan	positive
say that app is boring . i don't understand that	positive
Hi man	neutral
Modi is the Messiah of the world . He has done a lot and will do more in the future .	positive
Abe , send him a message so that he can come through my message .	neutral
Watching bajrangi bhaijaan	neutral
this is the boy of sharma . . . sale has ruined his own life .	negative
I have received a mail	neutral
after being muslim you call muslims hi inferior . . . eat from god . . all this bullheadedness will burn here . . . eat from god	negative
i have sent all the commts . brother all the commts are being sent , that's why i don't get time to come	neutral
hy ... try for sm government job ... whose forms we get	neutral
sir . i am your brother hunga after beer .	positive
Where are you ?	neutral
and hello	neutral
PM Modi ji ki jai ho	positive
it does not matr whch colg u hav been admitted to , it matters how wel u score . everywhere ppl keep on saying status status . bored of d fucking word status :	positive
i think shaan should do guddu's homework , he stays at guddu's house all day .	neutral
there is no one like me .	positive
your voice is like a bangle , you are a thief , you are a madman .	negative
mehul shukla your dream school :)	positive
trailer is a good girl . the hero is also handsome	positive
Brother , work hard .	neutral
luv u soooooo much salman .... your fans are always with you	positive
salman always kind hearted cmpairjo i am very happy at the thought of people who are making muslims , hindus	positive
manmohan . . . what the use of 70 issues , you don't last even 50 days last time .	negative
Turant	neutral
saale kamine family has sixty drink party at your home . . . why don't you drink sixty of your father's . . ! if there was no drink party then his family would be alive . . . !	neutral
Anyways you come the topper cse	negative
@ dkgdelhi shakal god gives , humans can't do anything .. but these people also talk dirty , they are both useless # aapsweep	negative
all islamic nations , dubai , uae , and Israel has ban on pork as pork is not edible 4 muslim & amp ; jews . that is their culture . this is mine . # beefban	neutral
@ gurmeetramrahim papa ji now real fun will come # msgincinemas	positive
in south korea ? unikent is excited to be at the world grad fair in seoul tomorrow . join us at http URL	positive
nobleman	positive
@ someUSER hey mick ! do you know what time you'll be signing in indianapolis on the 18th ?	neutral
whatever happens .. I don't want to test someone's capability	neutral
now india .. finish this off before the break .. # indvsuae # cwc15	neutral
# union budget 2015 rs 14,000 crore allocated for water & amp ; sanitation were reduced to rs 9,000 crore in nov 2014 review http : t .co hosnwwhwrg	neutral
i thought guddu is a lazy son . . . but this is 4 . . .	neutral
shivani sister see you used to be a model for me one day before .	neutral
now if i live my life ever " dettol dettol dettol " , i will only remember # indvspak .	negative
Use Western style toilet .. There is no chance of mobile falling	positive
Salman brother , I have so much faith in you . Please release your film on eid and then we will see how your film becomes hit .	negative
he belongs to the party of the drama movement	negative
aap manifesto speaks a lot about your vision of delhi . go ahead may god bless you to fulfill peoples dream .	positive
BAJRANGi bhaijaan 700 crORE <3	positive
i sure watch it	positive
there are no maths on this board brother ? : p	neutral
When was deadline ?	neutral
Band the sweater to the waist and roam : P	positive
how are you brother	neutral
I personally don't see grammy playing afl again still 28 but i think he'll turn to something else now . best of luck with what may be next .	positive
Bro , I have only one fan in life . Yours . Sixty one selfie brother .	positive
No problem , brother .	neutral
oh ... really true ... missed those days	negative
Yes	positive
# saphila + 1500 people in the superbowl at sun city to " discover " how to help " africa run like never before "	neutral
salman y pls rake your beer .. y pls take you boss boss ..	neutral
Modi is lying and Modi is just lying . Modi is only doing bhgaude .	neutral
i wish i could get marks by crying in viwa . " sir i was mad i can't remember you . i am hungry " : p ;)	neutral
brother's upcoming is coming	neutral
your kumar biswas has insulted women's respect , first teach them to talk in your home , then teach them to die . ok	positive
salman is really good friend	positive
nfl news : new york giants : game-by-game predictions for the 2nd half of the season http URL # football # nfl # nfceast	neutral
ram ram bhai	negative
Will you marry me salman ?	positive
abvind lalu leave more gas mat ! like the back bar :(	negative
on wednesday , october 24 , season 3 american idol contestant jennifer hudson channeled the upcoming holiday when .	neutral
hats off to our indian army .	positive
greetings	neutral
@ Somusar all i can say is that it was very un realistic . the 1st movie was better-storyline , dialogue ! and of course " the grey " thumbs up !	neutral
hey , we will eat black but if someone is there then it is fine .	neutral
hey salman brother , if you were not an actor then what would you have been ?	neutral
you have started showing your talents people of delhi , think about the society vote	negative
hey don't rain on the poor guy's parade . some poor iitians have had to wait several years after et to score	negative
he performed really well . bowlers made the difference in # indvssa match " @ sporty _ baba : mohit sharma - you bloody girl !" #मौkmahka	positive
Modi ji is flop , this is also his rally modi wave is not in delhi	negative
guddu must have come to seciton for sure , people of such a bad species come to section for hi .	negative
i did my work myself . . i didn't get help with query	negative
saltalamacchia is the 4th red sox catcher to hit at least 16 hrs in back-to-back seasons , joining carlton , rich gedman and jeson varitek	neutral
Sir , I am very rich . plz call me near you .	neutral
it is 4pm	neutral
Come sir , who will you hit the wire . Who are you ?	negative
you only enjoy summer	positive
# delhidecides there is no question of it . this is the government . we believe will take many levels up what it stands today . delhi should lead this	positive
pakistani replies : " bullet " doesn't matter sir , " kohli " doesn't matter	neutral
ahar dhawan : 135 : highest run by any batsmen against south africa # cwc15 # indvssa # bleedblue	neutral
we have eaten our own betel nut .	negative
you are not confident in yourself and dont appreciate yourself .. so dont expect others to be any different ..	neutral
psu's i have work and holiday . this is impossible ! ! ! i am watching it on mobile after refreshing it . . :-(	negative
you will not be in the media or will you eat that you will make bajrangi bhaijan hit because of muslims you are a foll	negative
rt @ timesnow : have to keep in mind long time benefits for railways : railway minister suresh prabhu # rail budget2015	neutral
Ill tell at 8	neutral
talk to him . . he got stuck	positive
She toowoomba tomorrow with stan walker ! ! :) so good	positive
Check Karna	positive
Or what brother ?	neutral
Yes , I will go now , after my mother got up .	neutral
you are awesome faisal mohd . no one in this world can think like you , you are out of this world brother who is this brother you look like naahi	negative
Hello bro , how are you ?	neutral
brother jakash brother inslla super hit .	positive
new music : bruno mars - young girls : if you watched bruno mars on saturday night live then you may have caught h . . . http URL	neutral
guddu didn't celebrate valentines day with laya ?	neutral
feeling sorry for pakistan .. but we are defending champions .. we will lose a little like this # indvspak # sixzero	positive
if you come to delhi , then in agle chawan , no one will have government other than you . you will do the same work .	positive
brother let dhoni go , he is asking kya <unk >t # indvspak	neutral
uae is going on well against india . a good 4th wicket partnership . hope india breaks the partnership soon # indvsuae # cwc15 @ starsportsindia	positive
# msgincinemas is trending at top . so weird because i think # msginchinese is bad too .	neutral
the world went to take oil . . busy in eating and drinking :)	neutral
phle was very upset . . . . now wake up !	negative
nowadays modern students don't leave even teachers	negative
you post your selfie pic on your phone because salman khan is very famous	neutral
Will you be hungry right now ?	neutral
did tortoise sir not come on republic day ?	neutral
Acha proposal wali	neutral
admin bro , i believed that dream 1 . let us see .	positive
@ someUSER follow @ someUSER , on november 26 , find her outside the bell center and meet her . please ?	neutral
taking auth in sanskrit , kapil mishra http : t .co n0mruch1ly # rail budget2015 # celebtrains # prabhukirail # endvvipraj # spidermanquiz	neutral
fight for swaraj , fight for janlokpal , fight for unity .	positive
I am the only one .	neutral
for my 18th birthday i want a lap dance from that fat chick in laila .	neutral
i made it exactly the same . . . . filen so environmental . . . hats off faisal . . . love you	positive
worst # union budget2015 ever .. rewarding corporates for election funding :(  lol # eidday a nightmare ..	negative
now your power will run away . delhi # Apkidelhi # delhidecides # aapsweep @ ndtvindia @ Ravishandity @ arvindkejariwal http : t .co sazewcn9hl	positive
one f dðt cnfsn til now ( y ) thts cald DUC .. - P	positive
free petrol	positive
ya darling ! m too dsprately waiting for you ( i was looking for this cnfessor with all my money ) # Forwardoon	neutral
come status is very serious	neutral
The best ever	positive
Yehahahahaha my cuteee salman	positive
when vishvaroopam released many muslims protesting and try to ban the movie but media kept quiet not supported for vishwarupam but pk movie	negative
thanks	positive
bjp people should have talked about delhi's midday , you might have banned something but you guys keep on attacking only one person	negative
watching act of valor for about the 17th time . but who's counting	neutral
it's so sweet , let it be free like kohliot , Huggies , yes ! yes PP Ÿ New Year 06	positive
gonna meet the cast of spartacus on the 7th ! i am too excited !	positive
howard u wins 2nd straight homecoming game with 21-20 victory over morgan state . bison now 5-2; 4-1 meac	neutral
i hop you will definitely reply .. your fans' heart won't break	positive
@ gurmeetramrahim # blockbustermsg papa ga craze fr movie is same as it was before .. just want to see msg again and again ... movie is outstanding ..	positive
Sir , if you have said this much , then it is enough .	positive
the mostðous line is " the bad batch like inke has not come yet	negative
remember cupid at convocation last year with the bomb candy bar ? if you liked that , you'll love next tuesday's tr http URL	positive
hello salman brother	positive
Which type of project ? ?	neutral
And see	neutral
what will happen if we don't get $ right now . how much do we get ?	negative
you remind me of my childhood , choice brother .	neutral
when i teach a basketball in my own school , we're going to spend the 1st day watching larry bird videos , and the rest will take care of itself .	neutral
party with salman & bebo won't miss	neutral
money is being spent on the name of hindu and muslim salman khan shame ..	negative
hey ! ! remind me of mother . . :) love you mom .	positive
Great , brother .	positive
ðð	neutral
why ?	neutral
superhero , how powerful he might have been , you could have given me a poop . . . you gave me a gift over the pants .	negative
they are promising moon right now to get the cm post . promises should be like those made for jaanta's welfare . . . whoever is desperate wants to give free money , meet him once .	negative
be looking for us this friday @ elon university for campus fest ! learn more about the loft and check out how you can win the new kindle fire	neutral
who is not stuck to tv : p	negative
this is all a lie . salman khan is not going to talk to us .	neutral
all are desperate .	positive
till today i didn't understand and i got old childhood after seeing everyone's drawing , why does this tree ( tree ) happen right behind the head ?	neutral
oh my dear kitty .. here and there .. look what i got for you .. how are you ? oh my god	neutral
hey kachua sir kushwah sir you teach hindi	positive
wonder if chris christie can cancel valentine's day and move it to april . flowers are cheaper !	neutral
There is only one god , and His name is Work . And there is only one thing we say to Work , not today	positive
70issues what ac has promised today r useles . # mufflerman	negative
congratulate jai hind	neutral
ð	neutral
who is bolhata , it won't be white .. my and salman's white will be 2016 .. October .. first week :) :)	positive
sad to say # ðsfordlitfest nearly at an end . fantastic event last night with michael portillo . last event tomorrow with charles dickens .	neutral
hey hey ... i am mad Fake Du पंखा has 3 pebbles and the real du पंखा has 4 pankhuri ... - d - )	negative
It is said that even if muslim fans don't see the pic , it will be a hit .	negative
He said that he has not come yet .	neutral
most badi galti to defence is bandi's boyfriend bajrangi	negative
every batsman getting out at 4 # indvsuae	neutral
just wrote a great song with mitch daniels ! really looking forward to performing it with him on thursday ! :)	positive
You are human to me too right ?	neutral
jai hind shar	positive
once think about it what is the useless thing to do . don't write any argument , everyone has analysis to do .	positive
Or tell	positive
Add me .	neutral
I think , as per Baba n politician + en _ suffix logic of logging . . " cow should have taken the entire body ' . . oh " did not want to roam after 8 o' clock this night "	neutral
haha	neutral
heat vs knicks first round of playoffs tomorrow ! # lebron # wade better bring it ! ! !	positive
mario ( y ) : : 8level	negative
have you ever forgotten to get a valentine's present ? your chance at feb 17 # bonjovi tix coming up ! @ someUSER	neutral
we r wid u arvind kejriwal	positive
gutted about bellamy and smith but we signed fulham player on loan until december 2nd and seen him on youtube he looks good	neutral
Hey let's start .	negative
many records broken . now break the record of performance . outperform and set an example . # aapstorm	neutral
hindu boy : p . . <3 . . muslim girl : p . . caste system :( . . bad conscience : v :( :	neutral
asalmwale kum bhaijan	neutral
Packing lol	positive
i was also not able to understand the matter of sliding down of rupee .	negative
Now you won't be able to find out about Isora's stomach .	neutral
october is like the road to wrestlemania in reality . halloween = royal rumble , thanksgiving = elimination chamber , christmas = wrestlemania .	neutral
contra my power was the best . what was it ?	neutral
everyone stuck it but we lost the game	negative
it reminded me of another comics of you when guddu says ye asia cup nhi h . hahahahahaha	positive
@ Rajvir Singh brother everyone likes on his comment . Hats of to u	negative
brother sb people can't believe you	negative
pm ho to aisha modi like ji hind jai vaat	positive
effat university wins the 1st " p & amp ; g's university challenge " at the procter and gamble's university competition . http URL	positive
we will watch the movie first day first show nai bhai	neutral
looks like ' say no love ' phase ended for modi # aapsweep # ashuthali # delhidecides	negative
safe and sound on 57th and 11th . hoping that they clean up sandy quickly for those that were in her path . love you all !	positive
I have no problem	positive
y d hell u look for our chappals .. u miss showoff please stop confessing ... u r making the page boring P	neutral
Bro , I am your biggest fan in the whole world . And I am from Jodhpur .	positive
u r simply superb # garbagebin	positive
Is it not more than 4ft ?	neutral
tiffany will be one of the mcs along with cnblue's yonghwa and beast's laluwang for sbs kpop super concert on November 10 .	neutral
Don't make me call	negative
@ Somusar this on the radio instead . mt @ Somusar it's the first week without any waterloo road . going to be a boring thursday .	negative
Seriously , Even Admin can be fake .. No ve .. Look how many people love you .. hit it .. friend ..	neutral
February 12th is a nice time to release it . It's the week of the grammys too . Albums " sell " that week .	positive
i have heard your bravery in the form of aise poet as if you have hit a tear	neutral
i love you salman . i like you so much . god will always be with you .	positive
jai bajrang bali ..	positive
dinner with my dad . and tony parker with a last second game winning shot . what a great night . just in time to be ruined by 300s tomorrow .	positive
i'm too stressed about finishing this essay for tomorrow , so i shall minimise it and play temple run . # problemsolved	neutral
# msg3successfulweeks desire of dear ones msg will get an oscar award with the blessings of its super hero @ gurmeetram रहीm ji .	positive
How many times did I scold you that you didn't get a glass out of your eyes . animals always come back to you .	negative
nominations are now open for the citizen of the year awards held on australia day . three categories . close nov 30 . see : http URL	neutral
meet after holi only	positive
if you don't want to eat , you shouldn't shayid .	neutral
rt @ print center88 : # msgyouthicon really . . u r absolutely able to called youth icon u made it . superb movie 4 whole world	positive
#61 I hate people that fake who they are just to get with you , and you don't find out about it until you're in way to deep . Considering this , i'm breaking up with my friend .	neutral
you said that when you will meet a ga tab , you won't meet us right ?	neutral
there can be no god for mother :-)	positive
guddu is a superb actor . . . oh my god :) : p	positive
@ NavbhartiMS # aapstorm the real truth is that if delhi people don't have the habit of eating free food then aap will never win	negative
come fast , brother . i want to pray fast .	neutral
it's awesome brother	positive
did i get beaten up by you on fb	neutral
i have never seen such a huge gathering for any film's premiere . it's swelling every minute . # msgincinemas # msgpremiere	positive
4 mints more	neutral
okay ..	positive
wppi and vegas bound , but have to be up tomorrow at 5 : 30am , s . o . l . . . maybe catch some zz's on the plane .	neutral
working the celebrity power 106 game saturday at calstate la $12 at the door . going to be with kendrick lamar , rick ross , clyde carson , ect .	neutral
Sir plz , the electricity situation in Jhansi is improved by the grace of shan , holder .	neutral
brother what is the main social message of the movie tell me	neutral
Plz rply sir	neutral
Luv u bhai jaan	positive
no problem dude , anyways let parents go to school now tuition nhi tof shoppng	negative
dude , this guy will become diamond	neutral
reasons to celebrate : forcing the turnovers : the game sunday between the new york giants and . . . http URL # nfl # nyg # giants	positive
what about today's tk or india	neutral
sixteen tomorrow omg what an breakthrough weekend with all the fellas in the building	positive
Will you not cut our sweat	positive
i am from nasik brother ... i came to mumbai just to meet you	positive
come now	positive
Bollywood king my bro salman khan	positive
@ chetan _ bhagat you should not have returned . # aapsweep	negative
thank you anaji bas this is enough and we have blessed him with a lot of blessings and i do not want anything . i want to be like sanjay and i say to sanjay that you do not worry you will get 36 seats .	negative
# pk Debate i am not against pk movie . but i remember that the censor board asked kamal Hasan to remove some scenes from Visvarupam movie .	neutral
guddu's father got emotional	negative
@ motorolaindia yeah . another wicket and lord has taken a wicket . i repeat . # indiakamoto # indvspak	neutral
dude ps4 aur when will xbox one teach him how to dance ?	neutral
( e ) ....... i want a girl like this .... friend , you are amazing ... i like your thinking ... i am like you . i feel like a boy like you . big hand for you .. *	neutral
hi salman brother ... what is your solution	neutral
beautiful sunrise at the washington monument taken by @ someUSER - http URL	positive
But this is it	neutral
Bro , I don't want to talk to you . You don't want to talk to me . mere fan's bttry is also low . :(	negative
i am going to check out the no of holidays in 2015 and hope this year no festival will be on sunday	neutral
Hieeee	neutral
tortoise sir is maths or english both paid ? = p	neutral
whose government will come in 7-8 months ? if it comes then they will make arrangements . they have both state and central government .	neutral
someone bring out a brother to this shoaib akhtar # indvssa	negative
brother , i want to come to politics . i want to make a new party . whatever happens , you are making me very happy .	positive
harry redknapp tells espn that rumours he has an interview with blackburn on tunes are wide of the mark : " no chance , i am playing golf ! "	negative
why did you get 19 years old and till now only single years old . you were sent to play girls on 4th but now look for someone else . you won't think this is love .	negative
these schools will make me cry more to code	neutral
someone of you has telegraphed that you are missing	neutral
klitschko still the wbc boss vitali klitschko retained his wbc heavyweight title on saturday when his fight ag http URL	neutral
Salman brother , if you are going to talk on comments , then plz talk to me , talk to me and talk to me everyday .	neutral
sweet cute childhood wali harkatti . . :)	positive
was it said ?	negative
The question is not of delhi but of the nation .	neutral
ha hahaha when someone loses , he only says <unk > now is the next chance opportunity :) :- d :- d :- d	positive
" success saturday " - having a great time at the 4th annual girlfriend group celebration ! @ someUSER wood @ someUSER cofield @ someUSER maddox	positive
interesting , just in one day , this government has become pro - farmer and anti-middle class according to opposition # union budget2015 # super budget	neutral
ha ha ha . . so true . . . . i remember tetris	positive
# beefban i hope # india also bans # beef exports if they really love the cow .	neutral
thank you snow for cancelling classes today . now you may stop snowing , so that i can drive to chapel hill tomorrow . i'd really appreciate it	positive
# loanwatch : ben amos ( hull city ) into extra time 1-1 , in the 1st round of the league cup .	neutral
hello where are you	neutral
Nannu Aptudu Pampava dresses .. Dani kotta kotta dresses Kepedtuu	negative
come on funny man .. i like your jokes man	negative
great ak sir . . aap zindabad . . we have to first ensure on evm machines because these people are filthy	positive
the boy is an actor of lotus . . . but his acting is just a joke .	negative
I am not lying .	neutral
ð Food poisoning	negative
@someUSER @ someUSER @ someUSER @ someUSER i'd watch aunty town over this any day ! january 8 on tbs . very funny . # firecracker	positive
sir i am a small fan of yours but i can do something	positive
" no you may not kick it . " - tribe called quest answering a text from billy cundiff	positive
big people brother big people	neutral
kafuzhun bohoot	negative
you always make me feel free out of my stressy schedule thanks soo much	positive
someone will tell if it's a street or not	negative
True love happens whenever you come to it . You will see tears in it . You will die . It is a bad thing to die .	neutral
i told you that brother can't do anything . my back is aching . docter told me to take rest . ok frendz	neutral
@ mohanrekha50 eat every grain of mustard , look at one plant and then fall into the garden . # beefban # poetrywoodlands	positive
# msgincinemas cant explain in words that how much amazing this movie is .	positive
@ someUSER capello had a draw in his 4th game with juve in the series a (2004 .	neutral
the boys calvin watkins explains why sunday night games are bad luck for the cowboys and http URL	negative
Sultan Ali Khan Se	neutral
Shridhar eng is right friend	neutral
@ ravish _ ndtv @ ravishndtv the curse of the eyes on Modiji's son-in-law made me emotional , i cried to him . # delhidecides	neutral
what did you do ?	neutral
Need a job , Some boys are jobless , I am coming , I want to work a little bit .	negative
supav means social useful project work , this was what i understood after 3 - 4 years . initially it was just " free " period . miss my kv days ; d	positive
seems like you are going to join .	neutral
rt @ divaverma : # msg3successfulweeks this shows how the movie goes to hit several records bravooo # msgrevolution	positive
I am not in this , brother . You are my girlfriend .	negative
ahuhuhu . . . . father aal <unk > do this . . . . muma part . . . muma माना chti hai . . . father give te silently . . . oh daad . . . e navar forget nd will do same to you . . . when u get retired .	positive
Super couple , Grena Sallu .	positive
what you have ..	neutral
Bro , you don't do this in the double meaning .	neutral
good thinking pm Narendra Modi	positive
32seat lekr did work for an hour sir .	negative
courageous sushil log .	positive
I am here , please come .	neutral
Shahrukh Gauri is wrong news .. Don't believe .... He didn't say that	neutral
I wanted to see the boat , even if I didn't want to see it .	neutral
you sing .... we are waiting for someone to come and love us .. you shouldn't have thought when your friend will cry , what have you sacrificed for him . tab u will more imp for him den dat gal ...	positive
where did you live . where did you live . where did you live . where did you live . where did you live . where did you live . you are my friend . you are my fast .	positive
vishwanath eng or unma eng	neutral
fuck u @ Somaujar . . . you have a very bad party .	negative
@ Somusar lol that was our only year we may have had a chance at the superbowl . now we must wait until nick foley	neutral
i don't want to be beaten up , i don't want to be beaten up .	neutral
hangman where are you ?	neutral
okay	neutral
you are mad i swear you are lalu . i swear i am mad of udde .	negative
# blockbustermsg @ gurmeetramrahim everyone should go for msg and feel the difference .. bcoz dss teach love not fighting ..	positive
going to buffalo wild wings tomorrow with my life long friend Israel and my brother . that's what i call a good night . # knicksnation	positive
yoo	neutral
hahaha at theð des princes this saturday ! : big news ! rafael nadal accepted the invitation of paris saint-germ . http URL	positive
Modi sir , this is not a country .	neutral
mario all time hit game tha . . . long jump mario , high jump mario , battle city , duck hunt . one thing must have been observed that sixty remotes of mario's jeep also had jeep . .	positive
salman brother i love you	positive
admin .. really jealous of modi .. he is the lion .. he got brave heart .. he got personality .. he got character...... he is fearless .. he is the next prime minister .. - D	neutral
@ Somusar yes , dickens tomorrow night indeed . @ Somusar you too . charles dickens tavern on collins st . get there for 45mins + before .	neutral
fran says paterno was very congenial to the media in his early years . age & amp ; perhaps betrayal by media may be part of his rift with media .	negative
pay karna thak ha agar 1st date pe wasool b karlo to pa	neutral
parents are there right	negative
Hey brother , you forgot the song .	negative
Hey lover , you are crazy . Don't worry . You just talk to me . Or by annoying Faltu , you make everyone mad .	neutral
@ gurmeetramrahim good morning , father . service to god , long live . let us remember you . don't worry about me . # msgyouthicon	neutral
Go to see your picture . It's really fun .	positive
Ha , everything is fine , but this Vikram Kohli should be understood . Let him score some runs by doing laddubbli .	negative
brothers , follow every religion , humanity .	neutral
you will come in deli with full money	positive
will we get to see the helicopter shot next match , dhoni brother ? # askcaptain @ icc # indvsuae	neutral
There is only one man .	neutral
really bored of this host on super sunday doing nothing but talk and rave about man utd # biasprick	positive
plan something small n cosy . . a candlelight dinner or smthing . . only u n she . . . nt anything big bash where there will be many ppl . . no ds tym dnt infrm any of you frnz ! ! :)	positive
He cries and cries and cries becoz u wnt let him do it ? Did you say you were seeing a " guy " ? ;)	neutral
don't worry brother .. people who say this are just ignore ... # Being _ human _ bajrangi _ bhaijan _ 6 _ days _ to _ go	positive
drew peterson is # untouchable no more ! check out these movie photos before you watch on sun at 7 6c : http URL	positive
brother why are you getting up at 1 o'clock at night ... go to sleep tomorrow and concentrate on class friend ..	neutral
its november already . christmas will be here soon , then new year , then valentine's day then graduation ?	neutral
did thesignment happen ?	neutral
bjp's ashmedha horse was caught by @ arvindkejriwal in delhi .. # delhielectionresults # 5saalkejriwal	positive
ammi salman's fans ... i love you salman	positive
salute you	positive
first day filming on dancing on ice tomorrow , should be interesting .	positive
Dude its not upa its rahul singh yadav in u . p	neutral
@ मंगलसेनाcha @ aakankshabjp why brother daily 4 rapes are happening , do you want to increase them ? this time you for safe delhi	negative
That's what you have to learn	neutral
do you share ? ?	neutral
movies on laptop	negative
stain in the lotus , how to hide it ? # indvssa	neutral
@ someUSER the clippers are playing the cavaliers on monday and are having a night to honor Israel ! :) wish you were in la still .	positive
I also saw that where she was	neutral
free metro	positive
so many choices of gigs this saturday night . the ibb and the rugby club ( which one , there are two up tampath ? ) and . . . http URL	neutral
protractor aur set on square table .	neutral
stop this injustice # indvsuae	negative
Bro , what is the name of your personality ?	neutral
o really , it will be fun , when will it be 4 ?	neutral
can come out	negative
last years project churao dusting karo write new name jama karo get number ! ! and haan house se project ke paise kar paise maat bhulo ! ! !	negative
fake id fake id . you need proove that you are the one .	neutral
after watching the movie , i am feeling sad . very good movie .	positive
And then that day , uncle and gurdu didn't get food .	negative
Sharma ji's lion is already out .	neutral
A good human never wishes for anyone .	neutral
4 days until vintagenow . we want to raise a bundle for the safe house for women . support us by attending 0ct 30th . http URL	positive
brother , writing and writing are two different things .	neutral
@ Somusar do you think the boro will beat swansea ? i'm not so sure , december january is when we implode	negative
and i wonder why most of the guys here won't look at any girl in the eye ....	neutral
sometimes i got cro salu on time .	neutral
@ Somusar brother , which school are you from ? My teachers and classmates are something like this . lol	neutral
what happened to your wife . we have heard that once you give a comment , you don't say anything about yourself sallu brother . what happened to today's wife	negative
I am from the bank	neutral
see today dhoni will definitely retire	negative
will delhi save the country from destruction , dirty newspapers	positive
never went to the last 9999999 game , mario used to be repeated many times .	neutral
@ gurmeetramrahim # msgincinemas # mustwatchmsg when i am with you , it feels like a dream come true you are my angel frm heaven i love you	positive
☺☺	positive
: d too much .	positive
who wants to take me to the fairground's or williamsport's fireworks tomorrow !	neutral
thief , boss ? , after such an English , he wanted to commit suicide !	neutral
wow ana g today you got back you lost glory .	positive
I love you ryply will reach the tab till you eat something	neutral
great delivery ! the variation works for ashwin , for once # indvsuae	positive
wow what memory i have i remembered the 1st day of school i didn't remember it till 1st 100 days	neutral
It is difficult to complete 4 promises . What will happen to 70 ?	negative
gambled on chocolate day as a successful theme day at work . . turns out chdn do like chocolate . wed is gross day . hope kids like gross stuff .	positive
how many diamonds will snake eat this time . . . my last vote was to you . . , you ruined it . . . election also increases inflation n price rise	negative
Net will surely go	neutral
disappointing to see the uk government issueing reassuring messages to tehran http URL maybe they were influenced by @ someUSER :)	negative
The most precious thing found is identity .	neutral
dream high 2 premieres on feb 20th with eng sub thru kbs world ! ok noted	positive
nw feelng lucky not to watch the match on tv .. othrwise it would have been too much abuse	negative
i remember when i was in 6 standard same happened with me just difference was that the model had got some problem and i left my brother alone :(	negative
If you don't give it , then 150 recharges will not be added to your account .	negative
it's 4'o clock	neutral
next home	negative
@ someUSER @ someUSER @ someUSER @ someUSER good news i bought candy today , bringing some on tuesday . if it lasts	positive
# super budget # union budget2015 i have no issue with service tax increase but why do you put medical insurance under service tax ambit ?	neutral
stop that my dude . . . " @ Somusar dook football , even the sun shines on a dog's a $ $ some days . # unc "	negative
greedy	neutral
blow blow	negative
ha ha ha sale fitness k named spot	negative
all the best dear . but seriously it doesnt matter in a way :)	positive
love uuu salluuuuu	positive
thank god hm aisy jgh i am not born	positive
omg the music video comes out tomorrow ! btw i still can't get over harry's voice http URL	negative
now elections are over . get on the real issues . where is this janlokpal . you can pass the bill this majority if serious to do so . # aapsweep	positive
garbage bin ultimate boss . . . ! ! ! we had 1re rupees to eat # border toffee ( from that bi mummy ) . . . trang magazine to door key : d	positive
bad luck to kabeas of no power	negative
chavanni milti thi	neutral
Hello , New Year .	neutral
except your page name . i never found garbage on your post .	positive
# tamilnadu bear with me for the power crisis : jayalalithaa : chief minister jayalalithaa on wednesday asked the .	neutral
i pray to god that you talk to salman khan sir or god that salman khan sir's sister-in-law is killed or god . brother life pls . wheting	positive
hey go to post office brother i want to talk to you i want to talk to you but i don't want to talk to you i don't want to talk to you	neutral
saw my 1st november " twat " today . take a jetta , lose the j , then spell teat , then turn the e sideways to get a w	neutral
rt @ sachinson _ er : @ gurmeetramrahim # msgincinemas oh paapji .... and thanks your blessings ...	neutral
I thought of treating me with torture .	neutral
the release of # pk movie tomorrow in pakistan is very difficult , some people want to see it , it will release soon , http : t .co egebazwnmn	negative
I'll take the beer	neutral
are sallu also saying your wishes ..	neutral
lets talk about salman's sixty	positive
good news he is going to be father	positive
when it's already peta , it's tingu lofer .	negative
i want to drink a cold drink _ haah : d	neutral
was hoping for an unlimited wifi allowance . # union budget2015	neutral
Bro , the one with a beard .	neutral
English baby ? . . . so let the guy watch an English movie too ;)	neutral
it's a straightforward thing . whoever it is , it's not good to stick balls in hand in cold , it's bad to stickburi .	negative
Salman brother , put your songs in the movie as well plz	neutral
but ancient cheque must have been written	neutral
If this is little awkward ... thn win win win bmore - o	neutral
app promised lot , for those programme where is the money let , he first say about this , every political parties only make promise to elected . they enjoy the power for 5 yrs , after what happened these days we all know .	negative
Helloooo I am 6 mints above you .	neutral
no problem tell the parent + en _ suffix to give me a packet of money	neutral
tonighat ! ! ! ( wed ) - mike ' slo-mo 'Ÿer solo opening for jim white at tin environment . 8pm . c'mon out ! ! ! . . http URL	neutral
It's time for mother's birthday .	neutral
friday night in & amp ; ' the notebook ' is on . better get the tissues ready ! # lovestory # noah & amp ; ali # tears	positive
modi is the best , rahul is great thief .	negative
not sure what im going to be for halloween yet . sun shine is just too obvious , larry bird is the front runner as of right now .	negative
so sweet	positive
but i don't want to share it	neutral
Om Nama Shiva	neutral
most probably its always " bundi ke laddu " and we love it .	positive
sir take 2 mnt xtra . now i am scared of you , please talk to me more . parvati :*	neutral
Fav .. What is food ?	neutral
take help from your friend or your self will be relieved .	positive
kashmir and cricket ... there was a fight , there is a fight and there will be a fight .. :) :) # wewontgiveitback # indvspak	positive
even 100 won't be possible : p # indvsuae # iccworldcup2015	negative
has sanak gone ?	negative
you do wonders Pandey ji whr r u	neutral
Divesh srivastava if you hit a goat together in double dragon then you are a dark beast .	neutral
rumor : # blackhawks may have traded niklas hjalmarsson to the # oilers for sam gagner . stay tuned .	neutral
think about me so much i come to my heart i don't understand	neutral
@ arjunsharmalive : censor board chief lela samson quits in protest of # msgincinemas @ msgthefilm ! fcourse ! hu wud bear d disgust !	neutral
# friday love that movie , kinda awkward watching it on thursday .	positive
@ Somusar have you heard of anyone getting their gears3 stats getting reset today ? i sign onto today and now all my stats are reset .	neutral
you fool , every evil person is a muslim . great thinking , brother . midle finger salute you .	negative
me	neutral
Yes I'm ready you luk so handsome may god save you from evil eyes	positive
Bro , are you coming ?	neutral
today's cartoon is not good	negative
Love you brother Salman Khan	positive
he deserves novel . .	positive
@ someUSER my birthday is on february . my friends think it's for valentine's day but i don't believe so . :(	negative
son partyg is awesome	neutral
pandey ji you have done lotus on your aap 4 . 00pm , will it be 4. 00 pm or not ?	positive
jumma mubarak ho salman brother weting for you .. salman brother	neutral
hahahao should be glad the all-star game isn't hosted in dc with those galaxy foams on .	positive
hit him , he thought that he is gandhi	negative
no one gives up their land . no projects . no jobs . no food . no money . just land . eat mud and sleep in mud houses . happy ? # landacquisitionbill	negative
All these apps are downlod kro	neutral
it seem like it's national kissing day every other thursday ! who tf made that shit up ?	negative
kejriwal ji better luck for next time .	positive
Did you sleep ?	neutral
marry weed . simple . marriage will also happen . wife won't sleep . and you both will be happy ever after .	neutral
yup true	positive
you are the one who rply to everyone for ' hi '	neutral
come now .. come now ... bajrangi bhaijaan come now	neutral
Yes brother	neutral
Modi ji how are you .. your career in foreign countries is going bad sir .. sir please come fast and then talk to me . i'm waiting for it sir .. take care sir	neutral
if you would have survived , you would have hit 4-5 squares . # indvsuae	positive
Gand mara	neutral
unless you throw a throw back thursday picture with Michael Jackson i don't give a fuck about your faggot ass picture	negative
now india is becoming more thriller	positive
it's okay , someone else's looser is like you . how much damage it has done to the people of deli . tune loser , throw it	negative
arvind kejriwal granted exemption from psnl appearance by delhi court in a defamation complaint filed against him by an advocate # aapsweep	neutral
brother , in mario also give unlimited 1ups . . jump over the tortoise and jump over it from the seat . . keep the 1ups .	positive
Gudu , you won't be able to clear .	negative
how are you dad sorry we slept just woke up now we have a little time to talk but no problem now let's talk .	neutral
@ Sardeshirajdeep # aapsweep safety of women was a decisive factor in this election & amp ; bjp rable rousers modi's silence freaked people out	positive
dude , the wickets you have scored from this time brother ! ( and wide ka mark b ) , i had a lot of fun .	positive
I came after I told ghar p b muan	neutral
bajrangi brother , it seems like you have gone to Dar	neutral
loveee uuu sall <3	positive
what is this about ?	negative
stop roaming around modi now look at the government also	negative
All that is fine . But the boy is superman in his fight .	positive
clear majority in sabha ? # landacquisitionbill	positive
oh ma'am , you didn't go . you'll go mad .	negative
Mummy , if you call a friend by a nick name , how much does it cost ?	neutral
* Cardi	neutral
i hope # you volunteers show grace . no crackers - @ aamaadmiparty - no hooliganism . # mohyanovoff # kashmirli # delhidecides	neutral
confessions , there is a big difference in pjs . duckboss + en _ suffix .	neutral
in 20 rasas game of 5 was played , 10 rupees for 10 rupees for 3 rupees and 2 rupees for 2 rupees was played . i used to spend the whole day on the day when i got 20 rasas :)	positive
friends , this movie will be a full hit , it will be a super hit .	positive
oh 100% true . this will the kvians would know .	positive
Narendra Damodar Modi , when will true days come . Is there any solution ?	negative
jhuta ak49	negative
this guy isn't really that old , back when I left IIT there were only 6 of them )	neutral
you are also math k period m potty ka bhane bag jaya crota tha a sir pat ma bhut daad ho ra hai ......... sarr	neutral
what brother are you also fooling it is 4.14 pm you have not replied yet brother isa mat we trust you every time	positive
@ varunprakash31 @ rajuparulekar @ dharmrajvd what will we say about these sab trends ? : # aapsweep # apki delhi # aapstorm # delhidecides	neutral
new jeremy kyle starts monday , you bitch i'm back to school then ! !	neutral
brother ?	negative
school's celebration . can't forget .	positive
Ram Ram bhai Salman	positive
now are you marketing your products like this ?	neutral
[ Admin Note ] Sorry guys , haven't updated the page since the past few days , I've been very sick since I came to India ... will start posting once I get better ! ~ Ed	neutral
where ?	negative
rt akshaykanitkar : * during # indvspak match * naaz sharef : we will keep carryingkashmir narendramodi : # wewontgiveitback	neutral
# rail budget2015 odisha has got something to say .	positive
#292 Sometimes it's better to bunk a class and enjoy with friends , today when I look back , marks never made me laugh , but my friends and memories always do !	positive
Join now	neutral
Salman sir , I am very proud . Muslims , I said that I don't want to see my film . He said by saying my film will work .	negative
sallo why are you so jealous of me , are you saying this hindu brother , why are you muslim brother , you want my heart	negative
Ha ha ha ha	neutral
come on people come on gifts like indians got you sir ji .	positive
rt @ ddnational : # cwc15 : # indvssa : india win the toss and elect to bat . india - 9 in 2.4 overs . watch live on @ ddnational @ bcci	neutral
what to say about this day's laddu	positive
did you really come .. i can't be lost ....	neutral
come friend	negative
all paise would have gone like this :(	negative
put him in jail for lifetime	negative
hello , how are you ?	neutral
it's november 1 so you know what that means . you'll see valentine's day stuff at walmart soon . # celebratetherightholiday	positive
Mummy , I am coming .	neutral
Modi ji greetings from upgzb . clear the land adigrahan bill .	neutral
every thursday i fall more and more in love with maya rudolph	positive
sportsroom guy is not paying any attention .	negative
Ashu Singh , we don't agree with your words , brother .	neutral
what bro , are some muslim brothers getting annoyed with salman brother . salman brother is just a human	positive
Good days have come	positive
@ someUSER ash wednesday they put ash crosses on your forehead that was the joke lol	positive
gGuyhahahahaha my profile picture is very good ..???	neutral
the amount of work a pakistan team makes in a month , the amount of work an indian team makes in a year - bcci # indvspak	neutral
bf , you have bought chnge . now use toy frnd's copy paste . this is wrong .	negative
big brother has come to play a match with india . the people of india have asked for it . take it	negative
I wish God always keeps you safe . Love you .	positive
kutta is kutta only you are salman you are 1 broker	negative
Thnx sir ji	positive
greetings	neutral
what will you do , go to d . u , kill him , go to i . p , campus that's it .	negative
bay area heads ! i'll be on the piano at yoshi's san fran this sunday playing with the one n only dwight trible - http URL	neutral
will you or will you do all your hard work to get Vijayvardhana out	negative
flight starring denzel washington was a good ass movie go see it tomorrow when it comes out	positive
omg l ki power , lol lol	positive
how are you , pawan kumar chaturvedi ?	neutral
you come quietly	neutral
eric adelson with the slam : " ( flacco ) looked more like blaine gabbert than ele manning on sunday . " # ravens	neutral
rt @ navendusingh _: . @ chetan _ bhagat is talking about # landacquisitionbill . i am joining nasa .	neutral
In the movie , the story will be different . If there is an invstor , then tell him .	neutral
love is greater than junior , senior is greater than citizens	positive
eid anyone from both of them boss .. break partnership . # indvssa	negative
finally wake up guddu's father's underwear sunny deol :- p	neutral
ha ha ha . . . . dude he made me remember to school : d	positive
@someUSER @someUSER @someUSER keep yr eyes open for incursion . it may not be spartacus , but it's going to be out of this world :-)	positive
once why should dude even walk . . or are not reaching his feet here ? : p	negative
pearl	neutral
@ gurmeetramrahim # msgyouthicon luvzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz u , in need of u , pappuji missing u a loooooot	positive
Admin , you are like male manisha lalula . This movie is really good .	neutral
it's friday and the soul train is firmly parked in pri for the soul show on the radio , c'mon perth get your requests in for the next hour :)	neutral
hello brother Happy lohri .	positive
garbage , don't lose your guddu's innocentness .	neutral
vote for kejriwal	positive
your brother . you are very clean .	negative
oh oh oh oh oh black dahlia murder machine head dethklok all that remains are going to be at the Palladium in Navembar ! * woo *	positive
Hi	neutral
@ vishaldadlani stopping work is always the duty of common man . sir ji . we won't let it happen in delhi too .	positive
if you are so handsome , then that poor man should be banned .	neutral
saala . . . zilla top , we were in such a school . . . but we could not imagine this at that time . . . how sochte are these things . . . : d	positive
never	neutral
laker fans should take it as a sign that they got beat by the sacramento kings twice in the preaseason and their starters played the 4th	negative
Nice bhaiYOU ARE THE BEST BEST BEST BEST BEST BEST BEST BEST BEST BEST	positive
anna ji you have come to delhi for sure you will make india free bjp and congress	positive
i am feeling very upset salman won't reply	positive
Modi bhai , good combination	positive
you are the one who is flogging his mouth to eat this time ..	neutral
thief kejriwala said corruption and corruption of congress and supported congress for 8 seats .	negative
india won the world cup but ' heart ' ( delhi ) won not , brother . # delhiside	neutral
this movie will be a hit	positive
i'm so excited i'm gonna meet buddy from cake boss at ruth eckerd hall with grammy on jan 12 . can't wait !	positive
garland garland ! tomorrow pakistan will lose third ! rt " @ 202muhammadali : chalo # india ka harne seð मिले ga थोra .. # indvssa "	negative
bjp takes donation from corporate to work for corporate .	neutral
Your blessings sir	positive
our teachers only had to ask for duster . . . chalk was raining on our feet . . . mam used to say , please give paas to your seat . . . are all chalk feet ?	neutral
Humpe chada 64 ka bhog .. gonna let my body loose , i have booze a little .. its party on my mind - P	neutral
in the ass , in the ass .	neutral
Modi mission : 2 establish world brotherhood ... grt man grt thinking @ Modi : a boon 2 earth	positive
Has anyone watched amir khan's pk movie ?	neutral
was it a normal question ? just give attention like this only	neutral
Hw cn u 4gt to add fat poster came out hero .. Holy Christ ! It's awesome display picture ...	neutral
till afternoon	neutral
rt @ Sudhiratiling : done the cartoon on # aapsweep in # delhi -- will post tomorrow morning .	neutral
greetings i miss you you didn't talk to me give it to someone please	neutral
they say that they will make film of muslims hit	neutral
i am lotus . when brother comes , you will hear me . waiting for the Wright time .	neutral
free wi-fi . hey hey # delhielections # aapsweep # akki delhi	neutral
virar-ANJUu third line + pawanvel chhoot doubling in mutp 3 @ central _ railway # rail budget2015	neutral
@ someUSER commentator says Porto dominated 1st half & amp ; looks that way again in the 2nd	neutral
eat dabang	neutral
i can jst say all d bst to both of you and happily to both . get back together very soon	positive
Bro , I won't come to you . I will also reply to natural calls till the tab .	neutral
I wish you smiled . You must reply to everyone .	positive
Salma Alikum bhai jaan	positive
the one who did not remove the sadness of the people of the country in 60 years , his own chmche are trying to solve all the problems of the country in a few days	positive
recognized from kanami , nintendo , atari :) . . . . and above all power of ' la ' .	neutral
How is everyone in school ?	positive
supr salman bhaijan	positive
bajrangi film will be a flop of salman	negative
match is over # starsports people show me the new add # indvsuae	neutral
what work , no problem .	negative
gow . mitch daniels is rallying republicans with a rare appearance that may have violated http URL	negative
will be father's shopping , what's left of father's shopping	neutral
Amjad Ali looks like our pakistani lala . he has come to defeat you like his own # cwc15 # indvsuae	negative
only bjp can do everything . but not anti women party [ aap ]	neutral
Bro , come to Haryana once . I will give you Bhut Achi Khani .	positive
the bowlers who wake up before him , pick up rahul sharma . that's why he doesn't have his name in the gag .	neutral
Happy new year maam	positive
come let's talk	neutral
played dishonored (360) , darksiders 2 (360) and mass effect 3 (360) in the last 24 hours . http URL	neutral
on sunday november 4th olympus experts will be on hand at the currys store in cambridge . from 10 : 30am until . . . http URL	neutral
I liked the cold	neutral
bhai jaan jhadi jhadi	neutral
India will go ahead of your policy in the coming years . Your foreign policy is very good .	positive
@ Masgathoff yes we truely agree to the fact that @ gurmeetramrahim has made people quit all the social evils through # msg3successfulweeks .	positive
Write the paper now ?	neutral
oh salman nice friend	positive
Very intelligent work .	neutral
procrastinating . i need to get ready for the 6th district chicago police rally against violence . chi-town cheer will be performing . king fear .	positive
how many girls are in this school . . . i crossed 3rd level of 8th stage in mario when i was 8 ! !	neutral
anonymous asked : would we have a chance at seeing you for topless tuesday ? http URL	neutral
doing same with comedy nights with kapil : v	neutral
salman khan is your fan . he wants to see your stail	neutral
Aana is the lion of the country	positive
masha , god you are looking very nice . save you from evil sight .	positive
shahid kapoor didn't invoice you @ bhai	negative
pig means pig kv ka student h	positive
rt psharma2525 : rt komalinsan : gurmeetramrahim # lovetoseemsg # msgincinemas if you see this movi in front of the world then you will become a snake	positive
hello salman ji , , eid mubarak	neutral
And they can do anything for the power	negative
if india wants to win world cup , then stick balloon with tv : p	neutral
bye sleeping tell me that the day stays till you its so rubbish its so rubbish my name is sunna bhut bar	negative
Lol brother , we used to sing on our day but got very angry . . .	negative
india will lose the bar . . do not worry , the new player is australia and the newzilen ki rish may jayda sonol . .	negative
i did this a lot in 6th and 9th when i monitored it 8)	positive
comparison - how many laddus did you get ? i got 1 packet . i took 3 packets	neutral
May be the discounts are less .	neutral
# union budget2015 all over nation in cities & amp ; in all town hifi or good or standard playground	neutral
very nice salman brother beautifull song	positive
why did you lie , brother ?	negative
" kendrick perkins led the league for the 4th year in a row in spm ( scowls per minute ) " literally laughed out loud	positive
say salman brother doesn't speak bad words	neutral
like this	neutral
@ someUSER russell u bt me 2 it lol i was gonna tweet about the classical brit awards being on this sunday xxxxxxx	neutral
saw	neutral
I thought this will happen in the wedding .	neutral
# black friday deals nikon d3200 24 . 2 february digital slr camera with 18-55mm nikkor vr lens , black & amp ; nikon . . . http URL	neutral
nat like kejriwal	neutral
the person who takes tension vai , something bhi ho jaye , something bhi log say we always are with you , one salutation , one pride our bhaai jaan :* just waiting for Bajrangi bhaijan :) Love and Respect From Bangladesh ..............	positive
# Jaitley gave rs 2 lakh crore bonanza to # corporates : # chidambaram . # union budget2015 ... - http : t . co xnagds58xp # newsintweetsindia	positive
watchingtarak mehta's opposite spectacles ?	positive
as much as we have discussed the greatness of our country , bhahut has come	positive
run away from me ... hit me with a beat	negative
scrubbin to the max tomorrow cause i gotta work out and leave for a game .	neutral
The girl went wrong again , idiot .	negative
i wrote padi , i am proud of you , please kiss me . how much age did you get son on your 12th ?	negative
hihi , you made everyone a fool salman .	negative
brother you are a very good human . people who do not understand are ignorant . you are bajrangi bhaijan . ramjan id mubark bhaijan .	positive
iphone 5: apple ceo pledges to improve new map up : apple ceo tim cook apologized on friday for the company's er . http URL	neutral
modi ji katha's handiwork doesn't get spoiled again and again now your status has come in front only doing the most abusive things can't do anything . you have to do work for kejta . taking the name of gujarat model , you made kejta stupid . 9 months i have done no work till now . tell me what you have done other than doing elections in states or travelling abroad	negative
no problem . best of luck for you in the future .	positive
Smarty	positive
rt @ saहिलinsa : @ gurmeetramrahim # msg3successfulweeks hame who didn't get your support , who didn't get the side that stayed in the beetle	neutral
Bro , it's 4 already . Where are you brother ? Please cut the crackers , bro .	neutral
no no shame	neutral
@ someUSER @ someUSER close early on thanksgiving eve . decorate like the dickens . thanksgiving day off ! boom . store all christmas for friday .	positive
Plz my dream is true , cardina brother .	neutral
#41 I'm still a virgin , and there are so many babes in mumbai here everytime I go outside campus its driving me crazy !	neutral
pray to everyone and talk to me plzzzzzzzz	neutral
girl	neutral
I'm wid u	positive
i want to talk to you brother . i have a big problem . i want your help	neutral
i thought ramiz raja was pakistan's biggest dick until i saw mad irfan # indvspak	negative
do something	neutral
Now tell me how are you ?	neutral
on thursday , as britney spears , jennifer hudson , ð berry and others paid tribute to the singer at the nokia theatre in los angeles .	neutral
Mines betrayed .. actually they betrayed Mines # aapsweep # aapstorm # delhidecides	negative
you don't confess by accident or mistake .... you only have morals and the rest of the world knows	negative
what a rubbish post	negative
o man , even after hitting her , everyone cried , shouted and shouted , everyone shouted on the back side , come on 4-4 underwear and make the teacher emotional , he said , brother , i don't think you want to die , but you won't die .	neutral
salute to sallu brother	neutral
waiting is not a good thing brother ... only crying is left	negative
my father used to do this :) # memories	positive
tomorrow i am doing a poll at 5pm - which series of dancing on ice is your fav the celeb + pro that won the series will get a shoutout	neutral
its 0's flight	neutral
citizens of india come to delhi so intelligent that they always take right decisions at right time .. # delhidecides	positive
Did you not come ?	negative
come on ..	negative
No problem	neutral
sallu bhai rocks	positive
what will be father's bag . you won't get the paper , you won't come . you have filled the form after checking . will father be able to do anything . brother now you have the right to admission for this girl .	neutral
oye duffer man ! keep your mouth shut	negative
this is what happens when everyone watches sixty matches . . . laugh out loud	positive
dude the traitor media is not a medicine in this world , why are you making jokes	negative
so good friend . . . refresh all the girls . . . .	positive
great	positive
what will happen	neutral
guddu came out to be a g .	neutral
Or while studying in the class -_-	negative
wow nice smile i like your smile	positive
no brother	neutral
in the wind blowing	positive
dude you were not in my class	neutral
hi sallumaya i am with you	positive
Oh my god , from our own child .	neutral
this one is the good . no no . . better . . listen . . what do you say to someone who is better . haan . . best till now : d	positive
raina had to cry a bit more . # indvssa	neutral
love uuu shalllu hahaha	positive
till dhoni is atleast main , i will stick it .	positive
A tribute to pathankot jeroes	positive
reita :) on xfactor on sunday which means she'll sing shan or light which i love which makes me happy ! :-)	positive
Neh	neutral
was sat watching degrassi then came to the realisation that little things will be aired in a while .	neutral
why modi ji will remain unemployed in bihar . all the people are getting beaten up by bihar's dirty politics	negative
why are you getting some disappointment after leaving india . since morning campus is also college .	neutral
greetings admin . good morning . take my name for art .	negative
our own chanel of the day	neutral
b . m . b . b . n .	positive
# beefban he is very proud of this government because he is probably the power to make this government .	negative
look at the authorities also who are earning money for no 2 in the departments	negative
brother we will have to support we are indians not australian	positive
I love you .	positive
झाdu udgi dust , there will be no foot , there will be no flush .	negative
praya narendra modi pm ji okay good night	neutral
i haven't learnt anything from the movie # greenshirts hahaha pic of god on both sides of the ball you shouldn't have made # india's hit .. # indvspak	negative
where is the street fighter ?	positive
we will be scared after scrolling c0mment	neutral
oh son ! your picture is very bad	neutral
sallu brother . please come now	neutral
If someone wants blcne , then cut your numbr . It will come in 2_ min .	positive
this time tomorrow i will be en route to san fran with my beautiful ladyfriend @ someUSER life is pretty excellent .	positive
Sar did not modlig but one day ballywood's sitar will surely be banned	neutral
noel gallagher tomorrow . can't wait to see the legend !	positive
it's awesome .	positive
realized that i've just spent halloween , super bowl sunday , and my last two birthdays either in the library , or in a computer lab .	negative
Superb .	positive
Annaji is spoiling our name by giving sixty members of Aam Aadmi Party	negative
@ swamy39 sir , hindu leaders failed big time . hindu org . r compulsive failure since moghul era = reason behind pk movie release & amp ; hindu abusing	negative
dwayne bravo retires from test cricket .	neutral
i did it . . . i was very upset because my father called teachers . . . :-	neutral
Love love love	positive
Ha ha ha brother we are trusted	positive
Lol - d or lee number . # Lol Good job !	negative
i'm excited for riri's 7th studio album " unapologetic " see the album cover : http URL	positive
Happy holi jaanman	neutral
Or are you grading from vuswanath ?	neutral
Modi ji , if you had become pm 10 years ago , then today india's fate would have been doubled , and india would have been in china's rubber .	positive
I got tears in my eyes . . . . :-( :-(	negative
mother every time grih-shobha cries . . . : p : d	neutral
I am also very happy about you baby	neutral
One day , tell me the truth about my drug , brother .	neutral
dude i was caught like this . . . i have so much sorrow not having a reverse button	negative
haan	positive
have you understood what happened to banaras or forgot about it	positive
Tuen typing test done ?	positive
Bro , some messages are coming from your whatsapp regarding your film . Is this right ?	neutral
tell me where are you	neutral
hey hr student , sister , i forgot to copy your home . . guddu , your bride has freedom . .	neutral
@ gurmeetramrahim # blockbustermsg life . it is a dream . this smile will smile . when you smile papa ji .	positive
salman khan your heart is like pure water	positive
come on in ny ? do you want freedom for khadar adan ? come on awesome ? if so , you better be at the rally in n , feb 20 4:30-7:30 at israeli embassy	neutral
Are you going to have a child ?	neutral
who said perents don't have interest in their son : d : d oh why should i see that ;) 3:)	negative
victory against fraud .. # aapsweep	negative
you didn't have a class at all	negative
@ someUSER @ someUSER was cult viewing from my 6th form days with vic's big night out . channel 4 had all comedy sport bases covered !	positive
oh , and for those still fellating harry redknapp , we went out in the 3rd round against stoke last season . remember that ?	neutral
in the picture i see venom and in real i see maha venom sallu	positive
ye unwanted log must be in har mactch ! ! ! ! ! !	negative
if this sweater had a wrist rope , then he would have come to beg . . : P	positive
sparsh prestige , use the sentence and tell me .	neutral
loved the hair style from friday's jason wu nyfw show ? we're giving you the step-by-step to recreate the look http URL	positive
choice brother . best part of this is the expressions of guddu's mother at last : d : p	positive
Where are you brother ?	neutral
happy republic day . . . . . . . . . . school me ladu hi milta hai .	positive
most awaited day for watching tv	positive
@ sdhawan25 trying to woo his in laws in australia # indvssa # cwc15	neutral
you said the right thing , asshole sir gave you a call .	positive
gotta hold down a dub for that flatbush zombies show on the 1st . throw a blunt on stage or sumn .	neutral
we all become	neutral
@ Dhanushkraja sema trailer ! kalakkureenga poona .. awesome amitabh .. # shamitabh	positive
come here	neutral
The <unk > in getting hurt in front was tat was too good	positive
hi salman brother i am a big fan of yours i have seen all your pictures	positive
# msgincinemas @ gurmeetramrahim wishing you a very happy msg day .... http : t .co lm5vheiwnt	neutral
ma'am chahat hai kya ki bajrangi bhaijan film should be a flap	negative
she was good-looking tab when she was indian , now pakistani goats are banned , they eat grass and bread and give milk to पाक , or good-looking fools , when 125 crore indians don't like this , whoever likes this goat , think , the one you liked earlier was an indian boy .	negative
sexist party putting allegations on bajp for women safety . funny .kiran bedi is more capable and have effective vision and mission for women safety . check her facebook and twitter posts	negative
promote on the same excuse	neutral
after login free recharge of 150 rupees will be added to your account	negative
everyone's same problem :(	negative
salman brother what is happening against you	positive
at loews theatre in middletown ... i like pk movie theatre better	positive
Bro , go . 4 . 13pm . Where are you ?	neutral
how are you brother life i am going to watch bhaijaan's first show with my friend	neutral
how many days will oldmonk's b'day be celebrated . . . now it is time to celebrate the cover too brother : p	neutral
brother , sometime my luck will be merciful , then I will meet my brother . god , mercy . <3	positive
oh kafi useful b	negative
i remembered arun lal's commentary . . no one is more desperate than him . .	negative
sorry brother , i have some work at 4pm , let me bat on the diner .	neutral
copy it and keep passing it to your friends and get beaten up	neutral
if you are a dog , neither muslim nor hindu	negative
rt pinkinarang1992 : rt sheenaminsan : humanity has to be saved .. to watch msg must go # mustwatchmsg # blockbustermsg	positive
faisal brother , what do you call this bharva bhandi in english ? hahahahah , i feel like listening to his future story :) :)	neutral
honest man , bajrangi kejiriwal . sory arbind , i cant vote for you because i am from nepal .	positive
lov u salman	positive
Bro , your answer will have to go back a lot .	neutral
delhi is with you only .	positive
jinja safari have hiccups , catch them live this thursday with opossom and white arrows on the blind date tour http URL	neutral
Why ?	neutral
5th floor paterno with @ someUSER @ someUSER @ someUSER we're going to be productive from now on .	neutral
this seems like @ narendramodi took revenge of his bad defeat in delhi elections from the whole country through this budget . # union budget2015 @ pmoindia	negative
i have peed in the sac swimming pool several times after realizing that a lot of swimmers do it .	negative
Who all will I answer to ? Let's do a lucky draw .	positive
Nothing , dude . I am sorry .	neutral
what do you do	negative
@ gurmeetramrahim woah .. burah # msgincinemas great father	positive
i'm going to babaman at vidia in cesena , italy - dec 22 http URL	neutral
come on , your love is amazing ! come now eat daag mat and sleep .	neutral
greetings to you , all the people who have prayed for you , may ramzan's road be Puri .	positive
sir do you have any excuse for unemployment	negative
i drive a scooter . .. . yes in frnt of galz + en _ suffix u mst hv cntrl . now girls have to work . .	positive
keep going modi , it's already sixty for you .	positive
harry redknapp is being heavily linked with the position as blackburn manager today . however , qpr may have begun courting him already .	neutral
development needs for next generation .	positive
Final past	neutral
what happened sir ?	neutral
# ind is definitely going to win tomorrow's match # indvsuae # cwc15	positive
Yes , right	neutral
you are late raising voice .	negative
I did this twice , by getting a ' pink ' slip after convincing the doc that I ' fainted '	neutral
r . i . p	neutral
ben amos doing well @somewer . another clean sheet . he says he's enjoying the challenge of playing regular 1st team football . # mufc	positive
I WONDER girls are getting found in central park . Is it a sale ?	negative
what dude ! it's about to be evening now , the weather has changed ! what is the matter with you ?	neutral
commentator ( dunno who ) : huge celebrations for the dismissal of suresh kohli # cwc15 # indvspak	neutral
actions speak louder than words . jai hind , vande mataram .	positive
water , electricity , tomatoes , potatoes , will thegb road be cheaper or not ? # aapsweep	neutral
take it and defeat him . now petrol-diesel is costly . # indvsuae # union budget2015	neutral
both will buy kr we will buy kr i will buy ash	negative
Hi sister	neutral
#173 Since several years , I have been wondering whether girls watch porn ? And if they do then what kind of porn do they watch ? Can any girl confess to my confession ?	negative
mr . kejriwal does not have this much knowledge .	neutral
@ someUSER real ones are available about a month or so before mardi gras ( day before ash wed )	neutral
what should you be sleeping	neutral
@ gurmeetramrahim # blockbustermsg thnks papa g .. anju and bhut bhut mubarkan papa g .. ' happi shivraatri ' http : t .co i3isa4t0in	neutral
Salmanu Masallah , you are very hamsome . Be happy .	positive
I forgot the copy ! !	neutral
saale hindi medium girl you beat convent's girl	positive
why should Salman's name be banned , can't he do any work , brothers .	positive
you should not approach admin , you should approach him	neutral
@ gurmeetramrahim # msgincinemas woow .. father .. great movie ..	positive
brother call me on 8123157468	negative
See Toc ?	neutral
# union budget 2015 the biggest waste budget . dirty went to die # modisarkar	negative
this is what will happen if you get married in a bad state .	neutral
is bar sahi decision . my father's love we love your father's love	positive
come salman to meet me	neutral
art on the town friday morning 2: 6 brand new locations !	neutral
i wish i could meet my father again .	neutral
donggiri will happen when sallu brother ( Salman ) and guru brother ( Hemant ) will meet in sixty ..	positive
when 1 lakh ppl will write love you love you how will you reply poor u	positive
it's past 4 but the party is still left	positive
oh .. be true ... # Salman _ sir , whether you talk to me or not , please talk to me once # Chhattisgarhia _ Sable _ Bhaiyya Bhade .... I _ love _ u ... I like you very much ..	positive
awesome brother	positive
Jst hate fc classes .. Dnt knw y we r being taught maths nor history classes n all even aftr taking eng . Hons ( ... bullshit :-)	neutral
i'll forget that first girl was crazy about in 5th grade . i still got her valentine day card in my secret safe .	positive
No problem	neutral
every work in our country belongs to the soldier . . . . in some accident the soldier . . . in some death the soldier . . . on the border the soldier . . . . in kasmir we made our people say hi , their feet and feet . . . really salute indian army for long life	positive
salman brother will you not get spoiled by the film and will you lose the taste of your fast	negative
great reference to mungerilal's beautiful song	neutral
# indvspak . who ever wins...... match . should match the standard . of this battlae rohali	neutral
# aapstorm this election reminds me of 300 dialogues . ' immortals ? we put their name to the test '	neutral
garbage bin brother tell me my comment is first right :(	neutral
also come and see vedansde that's why	neutral
aap is in its full mood , delhi is over , now it is your turn to punjab . # aapsweep # yourcom @ anjugendra http : t .co oyoxknha56	neutral
one ticket left for the @ someUSER game tomorrow ! don't miss the rematch of the nfc championship game against the ny giants ! hit me up !	positive
raina ... today i will take revenge ... # indvspak	negative
@ Somusar can't wait to see you on dec 5th , at msg in ny & lt ; 3	positive
10 is answer of the question on board . rest of guddu , why didn't you understand that ?	positive
That election will make this fool go mad	negative
little shear under stress , but otherwise , a very fine fielding performance from south africa . good sport spirit # indvssa	positive
he was a good human but not a good indian .	neutral
ð Moon on me	neutral
this time BJP's dog is going to be a stain on muslims . on the day of eid , wherever it comes , it will come . run away and enter the house of the dog .	negative
From such an English , this asshole will leave the British behind .	positive
someone tell me if salman has come or not someone tells that chat has happened but where ?	neutral
the one who doesn't love me is Pakistan's loss	positive
modi ji i salute you hundred times because you have spread the flag of india in the entire universe	positive
laugh out loud what do you see	neutral
@ someUSER you won't be getting candy till monday . i am by my own stupidity a sick person right monday .	negative
No mam	neutral
Ma'am doesn't want to give birth sorry	negative
When are you coming ?	neutral
brother , wherever there is a change , the formula of ladies first is implemented . according to the time change , this is the case .	neutral
Han yaar @ byomkesbakshi , bichara @ imro45 today even 50 can't die . # indvsuae	negative
oh my god , so beautiful	positive
# rahulonleave no matter where he go , he'll be there .	neutral
chl rest krle	positive
I am good	positive
cousing	neutral
child will remain unmarried	neutral
grammys concert pays moving tribute to whitney houston : whitney houston was given a finalŸff by the grammys on thursday as hell .	neutral
dude , the snake of pamula is fastened . son , you won't be able to do this anymore .	negative
this won't be a confirm hit because muslim brother won't see his picture	negative
write urgent in your schedule in front of " going to watch shamitabh "	neutral
all suspense would have ended if i had put cassette .	negative
@ arvindkejriwal jayenge on the platform on the demand to give house to people who sleep #rail budget2015 # Prabhu Kiril	positive
headlines : nadal confirms for mexican open in february : lalu nadal plans to play at the mexican open in februa . . . bhop URL	neutral
my Islam , my religion . one god , one blessing . how are you feeling ?	negative
20 countries to attend iranplast 2012 expo : tehran - the 8th edition of the iranplast exhibition will open on . http URL	neutral
milan-genoa : 22 rossoneri : milaŸ - 22 players have been called up for milan-genoa tomorrow at the san siro s . . . http URL	neutral
I am feeling bad about the project .	negative
duels official this saturday . . . at out of the bedroom be there !	neutral
Is it the bag of the ass or the parachut ? : P	neutral
you get some hot body inside the body to touch your cold hands and feet	neutral
# you tsunami wrecks # bjp , congress ; others mock at # modi http : / / t .co nvk6zu6oxs # aapstorm # aapsweep # abhiki delhidecides	negative
dear boler brothers , play with your heart and take the wicket fast ? k ? :'( # indvspak	neutral
sir pls how do i contact you tell pls	neutral
hey go brother , no one will take any time like you .	negative
pk movie is really good . people who like it , try to theme their idg . # pkdebate	positive
and i want to get 1500000 rs from black money	negative
Nothing went wrong	neutral
happy eid , please reply once .	positive
afridi's eggs will be thrown at his house tomorrow . # indvspak	neutral
congrats to dj's 3rd grade team going to the superbowl ! i'll be there cheering .	positive
Ok dad , when will the party happen ? post the event , we will come . - P	neutral
Bro , please come to Mathura sometime . Your fans are crazy . Please come , sometime . Your fans will be mad seeing you .	positive
10 games were also very difficult . . . rest all repeated . . . : d ;) : p	negative
salmam ji what is it , you are not giving a reply . please pray to din muj a little	neutral
Gm maam	positive
#124 Uma Gupta to your reply to the post #121 were you drunk while posting how can we be more than friends without meeting .	negative
Modi , you are so busy roaming around this much . Do you want to mortgage the country ?	negative
paul-and5homos : harry and louis are just friday . eleanor is such an inspiration . harry is such a manwho - louis is . . . http URL	neutral
wonderful show . . must watch	positive
Haan , did Chand get hurt in the day ?	neutral
i mean !	neutral
hair cutting	neutral
obama is good for Israel : tens of millions of americans will go to the polls on tuesday to vote for a president . http URL	positive
@ someUSER vitali's may have more power on it but he tends to push it . paulie's control fights with that upjab	neutral
Mother , I came out on Jan , brother .	neutral
no problem with my mother	neutral
I swear , salman khan . You did not talk to me . I will never watch any of your movies . You won't come .	negative
Logo Uallu Ban comes only its 4 to 6 o'clock where are you ....	negative
As long as there is cinema in the country , people will keep making jokes	negative
who's going to walgreens tomorrow for the 75% off all of the halloween candy ? i am !	neutral
Sallu come on .	neutral
Seeing this , memories of office office got refreshed . . . . . school itself is a very bad government . offices are also like this . . . . . samose , kode , chai rest of work is done byee . . . . . = d	neutral
@ timesnow # aapstorm # feb10witharnab idk idk v bjp this is so hesðing nau . who is delhi's mood , who is country's mood " die modi himself said .	neutral
i hope the # beefban is taken as lightly as the rule on underage drinking in india . # randomthoughts	neutral
how many beta marks did you get ?	neutral
looks like the entire black money has flown into the rail budget # rail budget2015	negative
salman bat krishna at 4 pm	neutral
hi	positive
And where is the fourthg member of the party ? ?	neutral
Yes .. Ma'am check it .. I have sent pdf only	negative
In this movie salman brother's movie will be recorded	neutral
you talk too much kejri	negative
everyone doesn't have this left hand . . . . we ourselves used to get burnt	negative
Now he is saying	neutral
Proposal's	neutral
what brother is boss	neutral
virat ... virat players are burning eggs ... they will bring india to sikhar . # indvspak	positive
May this season of color bring you cheer and happiness May the colors of the Holi continues to illuminate your life and	positive
i amdeepti sharma i am sitting here i am waiting for you	neutral
talent is not working # indvsuae	neutral
There are a lot of people who want to talk to you .. plzzzzzz dn't brk thr hearts sir please	neutral
Please extend a little	neutral
Yes , that's fine .	negative
he will have so much time to look at all of your comments	positive
boys did you give ? ?	negative
No problem	negative
nta viewers 7 : 00am on other tues 10 , 000 the viewers on this tues 7:00 50 , 000000	neutral
could be one of the greatest nights of my life carmelo anthony winked & amp ; acknowledged me twice and sat 2 rows back at the knicks game ! # ca7	neutral
brother's mother didn't make a filler for paal parwal . . . . wore brain's chalk .	positive
perhaps , your situation with english is bad than everything else whatsoever -_-	negative
oscar lvl performance ;-)	positive
even after scoring the required marks . . that is just a sad story .	negative
think i might go see flight tomorrow just because denzel washington . .	positive
come watch will ferrell and zach galifanakis duke it out in the campaign this thursday at midnight ! http URL	neutral
farmers work hard like you but farmers have problems with children's placement	negative
your film will be a flop , now Salman Khan .	negative
brother now why did you do this much	neutral
Did you get it ?	neutral
people of heart , listen to kajariwal's slogan ' everything is free ' .	negative
you will go to nehru eng placeg	negative
I will write it to my heart	negative
4th album out # red , # 20millionswifties , 6 grammy awards , 10 amas , 13 bmi awards ! reigning entertainer of the year acm ! # 6yearstaylorswift	positive
the teachers look near the staff room as if they have done a crime .	negative
Now I'll talk to you .	neutral
amazing rent it for gॡ world record	positive
love you hahahahaha salll hahaha	positive
zakat milegi on this day	positive
mizzou moves back the start time for their opener w siue on november 10th because of football . # siuenation http URL	neutral
hair of the ass always remains black . . . : d	neutral
from feb 15, islamic state of delhi will be headed by caliph @ arvindkejriwal egg sharia law will be implemented . # unluckydelhi # aapsweep	negative
the rich gave bjp the day of doom # aapsweep	neutral
# msgincinemas i watched msg in darpan cinema at dabwali . msg is very interested movie . so i request you must watch msg movie .	positive
amir sir i'm waiting for pk movie	neutral
hey brother , hello	neutral
it felt bad when someone tossed it . . . even after being so big , i sit in my mother's lap :(	negative
man , there is a lot of difference between marriage and the circle . get married , and even invite the uncle .	neutral
what do you want , do we want it for our own sake ?	negative
omg wait , bel ami comes out tomorrow ! i'm going to watch it , finally .	positive
government doesn't want to listen to judges , you are not ready everything	negative
These are totally wrong . If you want to be a big player , then make your country a big player . I like him so much that I should go .	neutral
@Aramsacricket Do you think same like james sutherland ? # indvspak match will be most watched in cricket history ?	neutral
No , you haven't gone yet .	neutral
what	neutral
Ha , I am in Dharamshala .	neutral
so much love for you that you are left unmarried unbelievers	negative
what is your name in bajrangi bhaijaan	neutral
Modi ji , do something about the country .	positive
Oh my ass's height is all less .	neutral
self *	neutral
hey cant forget this dialogue . . . brought it from another section . . . used to say that a lot	positive
lol . . true story ! by the way , nowadays kids have headache because of ass .	neutral
@ someUSER but trust a dj who's giving away triksta - all about n . o . rap scene on gumbo monday 7pm # funding drive2012 ! bounce !	positive
@ gurmeetramrahim # msgincinemas jaan paapji .. let's go we will cut cake and dance together .. you have my hand	neutral
where was the daad in village lawyer ... some townsman eats farmer's land . .... # Jagori # landacquisitionbill	negative
har har modi house house modi ji you are crazy congress people have stomach ache after seeing your face	positive
delhi voter : sale betel .. sale water ... go to the country to buy thele ..	neutral
anna has come on the line now .	neutral
the tortoise I bought from sir , the kick I got from him .	neutral
mother is only mother , , , the whole world has only one thing which is dear to everyone that is mother .	positive
can someone give me a lift from pope pius school to hillsborough on thusday night at about 7:30 please ! anyone ! money will be involved ! ! !	neutral
guddu , there is no pain in your heart . . bring pain son . .	negative
Yess ... brother ... we are always with you .. whatever happens ... love you sir ..	positive
@ lolaarkhan if you had named the movie aar rk then it would have been more hit .	positive
Ohh	neutral
my body is exhausted . i walked from 79th and jeffery to the lakefront , where i accidentally sat on dead fish , to 55th and king dr . and back .	negative
instead of these money , dude will have to do a lot of work at home .	neutral
piffling ! ! fear . mohamed morsi announced as egypt's 1st elected president after the glorious 25th of jan revolution . congratulations to egypt !	positive
@ darkmystel @ keisar _ wrong .. everybody would have been fearless and more courageous . # beefban	positive
Modi ji you have done amazing work . i have had a lot of fun watching tv . but i did not see your mud fresh . congratulations ji	positive
Salman khan is not good in your name . He is bad in the name of muslims . He writes such bad things . Islam is not necessary for you .	negative
Yes , that's right .	positive
i never believed in this sort of stuff but when i read it , i found that this is true	positive
Salman bro , what have you said ?	neutral
salman khan ransom from haran bjp ransom fromkiran se said by aap volunteer # aapsweep	neutral
how are you ? ?	negative
you go to pluto .. nobdy will follow you	neutral
all aboard . . . 1st flight to hoang kong then off to the uk from there . . # tweet _ oh _ later	neutral
mostly gls k parents are like this only ... why did you get the first blow when you feel this much then all log girls get blown up .... drama ....	neutral
But are these guy and his family saying ?	neutral
There are principles	positive
4:04 over	neutral
look at guddu . he is threatening other guy .	negative
wow brother one no1 .	positive
Bro , I am waiting .	positive
mario 8-3 - this level was the most hard level of pure mario game . . . . . even from the final level . . . . . the most angry tab came in this level when two green hand blowers hit each other and go to take mushroom and miss ho jata	negative
hello brother	positive
shaan is like . . the question shouldn't come on me .	neutral
brother this is the most powerful post ever	positive
Super super super salman brother	positive
someone add me . salman khan will add me . he will msg me .	neutral
india's pig . cow's urine drinker . pakistan come . i will take you to Karachi to drink urine 3 liters a day . you have to eat cow's urine and play cow's dung <unk >g . my mother's leave , i will take you to the garden .	negative
won	positive
There must be a boy for that right ?	neutral
brother sikhara alone and रहाne beat him up .	positive
life weight in this world only for you	positive
modi ji has made india a global level country	positive
fact of the day ; halloween night is papa john's second busiest night of the year behind super bowl sunday .	neutral
Nothing , bro . I slept now .	neutral
may this country also be victorious . may my brother be victorious .	positive
just close your eyes the sun is going down you'll be alright no one can hurt you now come morning light you and i'll be safe and sound # np	positive
there is on thing i have learned from the mlb playoffs , aunty town on a new network . i can't wait till january . # poundinggrape # pennycan ! ! !	positive
hey u r sch a dmb guy .. dude she said oh yes even though she was drnkd .. you should have spoken the truth after being mad	neutral
test will be negetive smarty . best of luck :)	positive
only 2 spots left for standard first aid with cpr c ! november 5 & amp ; 6 , 4pm-10pm in centretown . contact centretown . http URL	positive
love you brother salman khan	positive
# howtopissagirloff stick a dead goat through her letter box on february 14th with a note written in blood saying " happy valentine's day "	negative
people drink on the peak ... only smoke on the peak . # indvssa	positive
everyone's life salman khan	positive
How many four ?	neutral
where is this school ;) maximum teachers' answer is " son these are all excuses <unk > " : p	neutral
Han ð	neutral
i have posted all k posts on this site . i support some upa to bjp . bt the fact is upa or bjp are two sides of the coin . whoever got the chance got upa robbed the country . i am 100% anti modi and 500 % anti upa . bt still want that modi becomes pm . what is the reason ? today the country is divided into pieces . today some state is supporting pakistan and upa is silent because of politics . because of modi's coming the country will not be a supporter of pakistan . because of modi's coming we might get better reply to pakistan and china except saying we will n't play cricket . because of modi's coming the economics will definitely increase . its better for us . so i want to see modi in central	positive
Send me also two or four pajamas or shorts	neutral
#216 : have you ever gone out on a terrible date and came home and thought " did i really shave my pubic hair for this "	negative
brother i liked the songs of your movie bajrangi bhaijan	positive
hi frends android users , for playstore per a new app has come . he has come for playstore per a new app . he will get free balance from this app . he has bought 5 minutes for download . he does not have anything to do with download . he only has 4 mintue on download . once you pay for download , i am now linking you . once you pay for download , you will get a great reward for download . i am linking you .	positive
salman khan where are you ?	neutral
axl rose is trending worldwide just because he sat his butt on a chair to talk on live tv and drink water out of a mug . bow down , peasants .	negative
The old office is standing in auditorium from 7:00 am . . . in blue	neutral
oh brother , you would have been so unique by breaking Salman Khan's sixty , would you not have agreed , how are you so bad , how are you so bad , how are you bad ?	neutral
watchin step up & lt ; 3 the 1st one is the best with chaining drama as the main song & gt ;& gt ;& gt ;	positive
everyone's brother sallu brother	positive
@ economictimes preamble to road shows of dharnas and fasts ? # aapstorm	neutral
the style of hanging this bag and the pride of hiding your face from the book when the answer is not correct . wow brother wow !	positive
what will you give	negative
rt rt sickularon this which is your helplessness makes our heart happy # beefban	positive
about india : auto production may end fy13 with 6% growth : cmie - mumbai : automobile production , which took a . . . http URL	positive
brother decide	neutral
did you enjoy being a politician , he is the one who drives the country in the post	negative
the opposition party should be strong , let us share the work	positive
run kg run	negative
some people believe this match is a matter of life and death...... i can assure you it is much more important than that . # indvspak # wc2015	positive
sister it was sem : p	neutral
Salute to indian army ... if someone would have saved us from india then pakistan army would not have returned ...	positive
i wish i didn't love you :(	positive
the most funny line is . . . where have you lost Mungirilal . . . open your eyes and solve the problem	positive
this movie won't stop being a hit . this movie will be a hit . it will be a hit .	positive
Sir , let me do an exam for 25-26 once .	neutral
joke no 1...... whoever is not for his own land , he is not for any other land .. they say no people .. whoever does not love himself , whoever does not love himself	negative
There is a lot of work right now	negative
@ madhusingh73 congrats you colored your hardwork # aapstorm	positive
arri	neutral
guddu is aware of our childhood memories .	positive
rehearsing for nov 6 " @ Somuzar just called jimðland to congratulate new york giants on their victorious baseball match # sfgchamps # p2	positive
As the wickets go , as the rohit sharma will be sad # indvsuae	negative
Love you hahahahaha .	positive
hey wow	neutral
Regards	positive
@ Somusar of others . jenelle may have made mistakes but she has time to change and be a better person . it is too late for you . fuckhead	negative
Oh my god , you will make the Sultan FLOP . Go , get beaten up . If you don't , I'll give you a little bit .	negative
wide ball's eint .	neutral
chandra shekhar aunty #shihadday best quotes # hdl # uhf # savwi # endvvipraj # rail budget2015 # biggestissueofmylife http : t . co ðyubktuz	positive
Girls always have the option to take wah decision , husband . They always have reservation in search of better . When they are tired , life is spent on them . They spend sixty lives on such a man . Whoever has a good husband , he has a bad husband . To girls , husband has a good job . max boys have sixty loyalties to girlfriend .	neutral
Check this .	neutral
this is because of your own secret ... -_- why are you calling us ..	neutral
@ sureshpprabhu a # rail budget2015 is action oriented with pan india development focus ! a good shift from old listless budgets ! @ bjp4india	positive
and arvind uncle how are you .. what will we hear .. arvind - everything .. : p # aapsweep	neutral
people of chicks , let some air come , so much crowd is there . kids , go to the toilet quietly , nobody will make any noise . brother , you meet everyone in the toilet .	neutral
salman sir . i want to meet you plz give me apointment i really want to meet you plz	neutral
people from india will get more than dhoni	neutral
m every year's story	negative
I am going to @ someUSER 1st and then to the london conference of critical thought http URL	neutral
daily zap : april 3rd : daily zap : april 3rd check out a whip around the league for all the highlights from ton . http URL	neutral
We love you salman brother <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3	positive
kachua sir also looks like a very hi-fi man . such a clever definition !	positive
guddu should go to auditions for india's best drama 2 . guddu	neutral
# landacquisitionbill # landacquisitionordinance and vote to modi :-)	positive
same same	neutral
when udbilao was roaming around in the tank , i was happy to eat udbilao's chips . wow wow : p	positive
@ someUSER we spoke and you didn't mention it . happy birthday queen ! enjoy your earth day . long may your pioneering work continue .	positive
the photo is amazing	negative
kutta harami matadar leave bajrat salman you will have fun jai your mother will do one thing	negative
This used to happen at home when Kamm number came in english .	neutral
One sits and sleeps on his forehead .	neutral
this happened by the permission of sb kohli . he wants to make dhoni captain brother .	negative
you tortoise sir , did you make a cock a cock today ? tortoise sir . . today you caught a bad guy . : P	positive
salman brother , if you give us free life then by what means will you be able to be made to live with pakistan's bad soul ? what is your problem with india . you are first indian and then indian . now and then you are not old and become a disease .	neutral
come to mother country why are you dying sallu brother give rply	neutral
ha hahaha . . remember that summer vacation model : d	neutral
why do you write such serious tragedies of your life in canvas , you make fun of yourself .. no1 take it seriously .. seee	neutral
Oh brother , that's fine .	positive
signing day this friday for fadha . hate the school but i love my senior class , we be on .	neutral
One or two of the four games are worth playing , and the rest are boring .	negative
rt @ oyearchie _: dear pakistan , we are defeated like this . # indvssa # cwc15	negative
@ aamaadmiparty lets make the delhi a better place . # aapsweep # aapstorm http : t .co kc1nckfnqt	neutral
he had a rough mistress too . . . he has his own <unk > . . .	positive
top ducati 1199 paandigle preview http : t .co 7x6hnq2em4 # indvsuae # super budget # union budget2015 # ausvnz # sabka budget	positive
this time bjp . . . last bar congress was green	neutral
you have two ears and one mouth . follow that ratio . listen more , talk less . bjp pay more attention to your surroundings ... # aapsweep	neutral
Salman to Bhaut sir , you belong to Patru Chintal .	neutral
14 . Modi ji after becoming pm , sixty countrymen have taken 1 day's leave for rapid disintegration . lagatar is working 21hour and his wife is also devoting her time to the country .	positive
yu too really guddu's left handed game . . :-(	positive
beef-legging the answer to maharashtra's # beefban woes ?	neutral
come india win jati toha another happy new year ban jati . . . . farah khan doesn't have to make part 2	neutral
wow dude son , you took credit very well .	positive
put winth rbi single to rf scores cofield from second . jags lead 11-3 with 2 out in the 9th . troy pitching change coming up .	neutral
it should have been 8 in 1 or 9 in 1	neutral
salute sir how are you sir plz send message on inbox	neutral
not to improve ... ! ! !	negative
Ha , don't say pearls to him only .	positive
gdnt salman khan i wish you would reply to me	positive
salman sir , do you like halam ?	neutral
come brother	neutral
grat indian army & salman y .	positive
off to bed with sexy mari man , tomorrow morning watch out galveston here we come just made 100 jello shots	neutral
Or will we crash Facebook ?	neutral
Modiji now only aap will be there # aapsweep	neutral
How many times did you make all four play rubbish game	neutral
i hope i can get a ticket to the # 1d concert in belgium ! ! ! you can't order them till saturday ! pfff . . . : s	positive
oh my god	neutral
rubbish news	negative
we are his father	negative
Deshraj Raghav is face of Aa Aap in Uttam Nagar	positive
this habit of childhood did not happen even in college time : d : d	negative
you are doing a lot and i am getting the punishment	negative
i am delhi . i am india's heart . now i have come to control my heart .	neutral
Han , there is no alternative .	neutral
brother talk directly to me	neutral
this is awesome . iloo viii	positive
come .. brother has come , the neighbours ?	negative
we used to get baad cassette for crying or emotional black mail . . or we used to get beaten up . . . :(	negative
@ someUSER i went trick or treating every year of high school except senior year only because negros was faking . i am going tomorrow too .	negative
Who	negative
Sir , everyone is mad . Which one do you want bad or good ? Love you .	positive
this is very accurate . check out yourself .	positive
i am your fan BHOT Bd fan	positive
in loksabha elections , he supported mother-in-law . what did he do to uproot modi's tab ?	negative
the mother of the gourd knows how to treat her .	negative
now everyone will remember # yuvi pavji # indvspak @ yuvstrong12	neutral
it's very harmful to us , dude .	negative
i did shaving after deno everytime i got confessions , now i'll eat osama jasi dadi again .	neutral
salman khan brother can't wiat ... wish you were free today ... bajrangi bhaijan .. in advance , eid mubarak	positive
calling all voters , i'm calling on nevada , florida , laluo , tusday night is the night of guys , i repeat will shine for the president lets go !	neutral
Did you see the trailor a few months ago ?	neutral
@ someUSER revision book right ? i've already gave it to niesa . she'll give it to you on tomorrow :) hopefully you'll get a + in eng ! amin !	positive
Naira is approx 45 against dollar .	neutral
brother will you make these films hit muslim brother	negative
# pk movie of hindu organizations will get angry , but this # bjp's face on hindu religion's contractor brother # omg movie ... http : t . co urnubg5pmh	negative
हाल of last few days of summer holidays : d '	neutral
when will you give me my wish	neutral
if you love to dance i hope to see you supporting this event . saturday . all info on the flyer ! http URL	positive
hey download some mb ka apps and earn as much as you want	positive
guddu , big hi . you are very cunning .	negative
laugh out loud . it's correct boss ! ! ! !	positive
looks like i'm roaming to knicks vs heat this sunday .	neutral
Yes dude , I did it .	positive
just now you have reached	neutral
trailer , it's awesome , brother .	positive
harami sale salman	negative
it's alright .. brother ..	neutral
wow media is now printing the story of one man . . . . . . in the country , there are so many stories about this . . . . . ha ha . . . . blessed is our media . . . .	negative
hello birthday sister ..	neutral
too good faisal . reminded me of my childhood	positive
Good morning brother .	neutral
brother , you should also agree with us so that you can join the party .	neutral
masha allah good .... this is my hindi	positive
just found out about the @ someUSER production of dickens performs a christmas carol , surely a must this december . http URL	neutral
kiran bedi proves # ashubh for # bjp . the big mistake of # bjp is to link # Kiranbedi cm representative . # delhidecides	negative
in detail	positive
today there are more than one incident . oh what happened ?	neutral
whenever they show virat kohli , i shout , " dude ! i hate you ! " # indvspak # pakistan	negative
my father lives in bombay . i once asked for your forgiveness because of a blood cancer . i prayed for your forgiveness .	neutral
@ someUSER hey ! are you going to noel fielding with us on friday ?	neutral
monta ellis ellis had just two points on 1-of-11 shooting on friday against http URL # nba	neutral
salman brother you are amazing plzzz ...	neutral
inshall . god , you have been robbed .	positive
brother your song is always hit	positive
look at the expression of workman lol .	negative
Oh my god yours	negative
Salman brother , when will we meet ? I am waiting for you .	positive
Check the group of dogs with GX	negative
we are missing that # modimagic...... which will give india his position and glory back to his people # arvindannaback # landacquisitionbill	positive
# favouritemoviequotes " after all , tomorrow is another day ! " bill murray , groundhog day	neutral
#215 Back when they didn't note down visitor info at H-10 , I have lived an entire night and half a day in a girl's room ( slipped out after the morning watchie shift changed ) .	negative
this time . . . rahul . . .	neutral
@ someUSER good point ! ash wednesday is not a day of obligation ? i've never missed one .	positive
# delhidecides best wishes to delhiites and amp ; @ aamaadmiparty towards free power , water and wi-fi at least for next 5 years	positive
trick of blowing the ball slowly in the base ball	neutral
the boy was in the circle of taking <unk > what else	negative
Don't be upset friend . Those who don't have anyone have facebook .	positive
I will distribute it to hrihant sir	positive
@Vishwadlanani some @ stanford kids made a song in tribute to # aapsweep . if you like it , please play rt :) http : t .co r6ruxgd1fr	positive
do you talk ? what are you feeling ?	neutral
awsome friend	positive
But brother , what about the shooting of your movie .. please stop it !	neutral
why did musalmaan talk against ovis's sixty days . what did you say against ovis ?	negative
you look charsi and bald with your face .	negative
it has been said brother , i want to meet you . . . world cup is going on and app is quiet	neutral
we will die as devotees of bajrangbali but wont lie i miss you broi like you bro	positive
now india has some work to do	positive
So I asked .	neutral
mario , bomber man , road fighter and duck hunt , even contra had to take alag cassette ! !	positive
happy holi to you	neutral
Salman , you won't give me any food . You won't give me any replacement . I am not a thief .	negative
we need four people to lift the arthi . bjp only has tin hein :) # aapsweep # delhidecides # aapstorm	negative
why did you come to punishment ? : p rt : @ Somaujr Ek milan reportedly want miralem pjanic to join the san siro in january ( corriereŸ sport )	neutral
@ someUSER @ someUSER next sunday is penciled . the harveys meet the lawson-mckennas for a royal rumble .	neutral
big game for @ Somujar tomorrow , away vs the knicks at msg . personally think knicks will win . first game , msg crowd , sandy disaster .	positive
Sunil ji is the lion of the universe , ours Modi ji	positive
brother i want to meet you once lve u brother life	positive
don't worry who I am , no one cares about me .	neutral
#301 We have instituted a new award for the best rack at IITB . This year's undisputed winner is Sachs Sachs ;) [ sorry confessor , we can't publish names but feel free to tag whoever you like ]	negative
ð	neutral
tracks are not boxes . people gave money but Modi is enjoying his true day	negative
my father still drives one . . . it's his favourite . . . and he has maintained it over a period of time . . . real man , make old memories fresh . . in my sister mother's lap and in my father's lap and that used to be fun . . i wish i could return to the good days . .	positive
what did this girl meet me one day ... she became mad ;)	neutral
# msgincinemas where are those liberals who stand up for freedom of expression ? a few gps against # msgthefilm can stop from its screening .	neutral
hail mother india	positive
not congress , you came out as indian team .	negative
guddu ke sarcastic comments . .	neutral
4 indian standard timing means 4:15 ? greetings brother ? ..	neutral
Don't stop it philosophy	negative
sorrow	negative
@FastTaar U think # beefban is a taking away human right ! you mean inhuman , right ?	neutral
give	neutral
salman sir plzzzz sir help me sir i want your number from 4saal sir plzz help me my family needs you salman sir plzzzz sir .... this is my number ..,.7355458113	neutral
get format jai toh	positive
sharmaji's son-in-law's style is very nice	positive
god level creation . hats off ! !	positive
So what . Do such boys not get married ?	neutral
akshita go to bed . don't read this book too much .	neutral
you are proud of talking to me in front of everyone	neutral
aajz after one shift they make abusive words . i check the page everyday and come to my destination to see if someone has made abusive words or not . since the time this page became popular , i have banned making abusive words everyday :(	negative
i think it is the theme , i am shocked to see this film . everyone will relate this film to themselves .	neutral
pillow you water : p epic expressions . . . . gangdu guddu	negative
next year t20 will be time to decide about 2019 or not :( ~ ms dhoni	neutral
this happens in real life . . sometime you get beaten up by position b . .	positive
think imma go see flight tomorrow . denzel's the shit	negative
you are not going to come , brother . wow	neutral
because tomorrow is restg dayg	neutral
@ someUSER i think we need 3 first xi ready players in january . that's a huge ask unless you're prepared to overpay	neutral
no one has inferior power than l's	negative
I thought after seeing this post that when school board was in place , that either he dreams after eating tinde or he dreams with pride .	neutral
good mother did not make bhagana's bhagana .	negative
brother said that if you don't know english , then you say Tamil , your friend is a hit , you had fun , you say tariyadi precisely .	positive
livication is playing next friday night at dipiazza's ! mark your calendars , and prepare for your newsfeed's to be blown up with info !	neutral
brother booza booza , old monk nd brainles kid must have threesome -_-	negative
if you don't want to go , then you should also want to go .	neutral
JNU elections are based on national issues . like our du , these people don't show caste and creeds and religion's stupidity .	neutral
there was so much crowd in karwal city in kejriwal's meeting .	neutral
not able to watch the enrile documentary , but i've got a sense he ( yet again ) won't like tomorrow's inq editorial .	negative
@ drunkvinodmehta we are refugees in delhi slums . free water and electricity is good . country's unfortunate .	neutral
mechanical i still have a chance , what will happen to engineers	negative
everyday this time i stick to my wife , today i stick to my mother-in-law	neutral
out out out :-) 3rd umpire gives it out :) and it's best match we won almost ... # indvssa	neutral
after the mid tennessee vs . western kentucky game , i hear they're gonna play the 2nd annual ogalla , nebraska snail chuckin ' pageant .	neutral
Hi brother , I have one wish in life . I wish to meet you once .	positive
rt @ jsingh341 : rt anuradhagarg17 : gurmeetramrahim oh my god , give me this much grace . i wish i touch you . # msg3successfulweeks	neutral
Welcome Modi ji	neutral
the opportunity is gone or # india has died . now indians will burst crackers . # indvssa # wcc15	positive
my <3	negative
this is the work of those who trick you brother	positive
I am taking medicine	neutral
you are an open minded man . open thoughts	positive
Acha bhai hai	neutral
now you are saying too much .. think and beat .	negative
so much for money	negative
after world cup , he will be beaten up	neutral
rt @Avals : all waste products will be made by delhi people # now , bajrangi government http : t .co qypavbgold	neutral
whatever you say , chaloff has confessed that the length of his confession is small , atleast atleast	negative
sir 2 minutes left	neutral
by the way this news is fake send your email id i will send proof to you	neutral
@ Somusar @ Somusar stasera ho guadato due film - ' Bel ami ' with robert pattinson , qual'e stato cosi : e la seconda film - the ides of march	neutral
school days ... ha hahaha ... epic ...	positive
see how paid and corrupt media in action to show live telecast of rally of corrupt political party to fool people of delhi .	negative
plz cal sallu bhai +8801719447771 bangladesh fan plz cal met u sallu bhai	neutral
@ shamitabhmovie @ srbachchan @ dhanushkraja what rubbish is this ? what is my wife ? shamitabh # shamitabhtrailer2	neutral
my toah got laid	neutral
we're experiencing some issues with fuel tv ( ch 39 ) . should be back up on friday or tomorrow .	positive
elimination chamber is going to be in st . louis may 19th . . i have to go .	neutral
you go to pluto . nobleman will follow you .	positive
modi's joke was mocked up by obama	negative
Europe A prices may firm on asian supply , but not in q4 - buyers : london ( icis ) - buyers in the european a . . . http URL # icis	neutral
yeah gulam but apple matureness comes out when time comes .	negative
catch supersport united vs bidvest wits at the lucas moripe stadium at 15h30 on saturday live on ss4 # ssfootball	neutral
Sun is not the only thing that rises in the morning . .	neutral
U will get specs if u sit that close @ Somusar	negative
when the gaf becomes a tb bolz . . . . * 24 calls why do you keep on crying . . . . let me live with dignity . . : cry a little less to me . . i want some space . . . * baby why are you so proud of me . . . . -_- oh , i want break up . . . . . . * the end * :	negative
we did for world cup final between india and australia . nothing happened .	negative
how sweet !	positive
once tell the reason why you don't care	neutral
chalk or duster to hide the ash from us .	negative
there is nothing in this world more than my father	positive
Sahi h then come on , this is the right thing . Those who are spreading rumours , they should do all this . Islam teaches to submit .	neutral
i sang an avril lavigne song for the talent show in the 5th grade . i loved her so much	positive
@ someUSER would the bar be showing pittsburgh steelers v new york giants on sunday night ?	neutral
you made me speechless , bro . excellent post bro .	positive
come brother where are you	neutral
what did rahul gandhi do when you broke the treaty	neutral
hahahahahhaahah rightly said brother , you didn't even get this much गिti on your tab : p : p : d	negative
to all my friends in # turkey may u all stand strong on this 89th republic day ! cumhurŸŸŸŸ kutu onson !	positive
friends tomorrow i will meet you all ... we will abuse pakistani players together :) # indvspak # jai hind india vs pakistan # offline # gn	negative
raj thackeray at his best : after udhav , its raj's turn now ! # aapsweep # aapstorm http : t .co h2qijqqkro	positive
Owsome look brother	positive
if the wife of the devil is not safe in this country , then what will this devil protect the common man ?	negative
He is real master mind .	positive
you are a good bat right ?	neutral
when cut no blood . when cut no blood . father cut me with convent brother .	neutral
@ someUSER i grew up in alsip , oak lawn is like my second home . reason for the city is wifes job at ( cont ) http URL	neutral
brother my phone is discharged now 26% bettry is left	neutral
@ scoopwhoop # cwc2015 # indvssa birju tu aai gawa bitwa ........ my mother's cup lota de tu ....	neutral
@ srbachchan now .. with all the amazing reactions to # shamitabh .. i can safely say : told yaŸ c :) told you # shamitabh will be successful !	positive
son , if there was a police complaint , then you also won't be sold , because 2-3 people called you . . . then also , no one keep trolling :(	negative
# fashionpollice pinstripes are not in this summer , use mufflers to beat the heat # aapsweep # aapstorm # theperfectstorm #67	neutral
ok koi gaal nai ji salman bhai	neutral
oh i want to meet you pls let me meet you once i want to see you like this i want to beat you :-( :-( :-( :'(	neutral
virat kohli : " the wicket was not as easy as raina made it look . it's two-paced . chasing 300 won't be easy ." # indvspak	neutral
he would have added garbage bin	neutral
dean lunch	negative
what plans do you have for valentine son-in-law ?	neutral
What's up brother ?	neutral
it was the best when sharma killed his son . . this drishya is worth framing . . one thing was missed . . sharma should have said . . " what will 4 logs say " :)	negative
every time there is a robbery of any government or any other government , we can't do anything about it , why are we robbery of these governments , now there is only one government that robbers , again and again .	negative
I am 20 years old , not even a single girlfriend , and make a tune on 4th only .	negative
laugh out loud salman	negative
did salman reply guys	neutral
what do you want from us . the reason is that i am scared .	neutral
fat baker	neutral
why is the entry of diamonds in the last one right now	neutral
What else is the plan ?	neutral
today is the day of # प्रभु's thrashing . there is something good for raipur from bus stops . @ raipurcity # rail budget2015 # rapur kidney # rajadiwa	positive
# rahulonleave rahul fb status " onleave ... feeling awesome " 67 likes 3 comments # annareturns # oscars2015 # fruitfulstart	negative
All that is fine sir , but the people don't listen to the clouds , so get the country freedom from these idiot Britishers .	neutral
I guess half century in July 4 or 5 mins shariq ..	neutral
she can nvr be lyk salman in hosting !	neutral
love you aammaa love uuu sooo much . true - true .	positive
Packing done ? lol	neutral
garbage bin you have won my heart , made me emotional	positive
i don't want to talk to no one tomorrow besides evelyn , additi , nathalie , paola & amp ; destiny	negative
come on . . . let's loose the stick with a lot of force ;)	negative
rip sir :(	neutral
and the monstography bidding begins . silent auction closes tuesday 20th 8pm . who will be nz's next top mon http URL	neutral
one the tiger is also a super hit , sallu brother . but look at the one with the name of thare , sallu brother , eid raghe .	positive
woow , those guys are amazing .	negative
good old days .	positive
this whole gag is worth framing	positive
supav ki aisi ki taisi :- d kavi marks added nahi	negative
Don't worry .	neutral
rt @ chandu532 : # uhf rt railminindia : putting the final touches to # rail budget2015 : mr Suresh .! http : t . co 4myyknr5sq	neutral
So what should we do ?	negative
what have you said salman say something now	neutral
you have taken me , you are my elder brother . someone else has taken me , you are a prostitute .	positive
hey ... brother where are you ... your pic is very good	positive
seems you are very busy but please give it to me once sir	neutral
sharma ji's very famous boy . he used to roast near my house . even today he is very famous or sitting in singapore . or i play ps3 like guddu	positive
eat it brother . absolutely brother make it for a little while .	positive
suresh's six will surely be 7 years old . sir is doing so much work . i would have said 6 , but you should have presented the budget diya . # rail budget2015	negative
@ gurmeetramrahim i drank msg after watching the movie ... i was upkar on the verge of evil # blockbustermsg	positive
batdungi	neutral
waiting for 720 crore for hajipur-Bछwara double rail line # rail budget2015	positive
i am the topic brother ..	neutral
she said that some day soon , the sun was going to shine . and she couldn't have been more wrong ! my valentine .	negative
why is it so hard to find the @ someUSER these days ? went to 3 stores for the castle cover issue . no . will search again tomorrow .	positive
heard that pk movie is anti hindu . friend , make an anti islam movie too . everyone dies in the name of islam .	negative
@ someUSER forget about dook now we own that series anyways ! let's beat state this saturday as we continue on to a Successful season .	positive
Salman brother , I want to talk to you , I want to say this , moive will be superhit .	neutral
hello chulbul ji .. come fast i am waiting for you	neutral
Bro , please make a film about Apu , sixty-fifths .	neutral
@Ksheth Faku spotted ... this is delhi boss .. everyone knows # pressjhaadubutton # vote4mufflerman	neutral
i might act like tomorrow valentine day and pamper my girlfriend maybe then she'll feel better	positive
@ someUSER i think we all knew it would come to this . we sat through 4 yrs of watching a hatred for the potus build up . and here we are	negative
really zinc has 4 wheelers . . . they could not have had this experience . . . so sad	negative
Only those people will call the movie bad who have courage , passion , etc . . call the movies powerful .	positive
humare staff mein there is no teacher who beats kids .	negative
Next screen should have his exam	positive
oh dude . . . . tree for Bollywood	neutral
@ someUSER mines personal thinking tebow is better then flacco . i don't care how bad he played on sunday	positive
lady boner from channing tatum in the vow right now and the fact that i get mcdonald's breakfast tomorrow with @ someUSER # winning	positive
me - mam , may i go to toilet plss ? mam - why should i go ? me - opening chambers of secrets	negative
Sallu brother , please reply once . I have adopted your hand .	neutral
uncle , stay quiet . i keep a stick near me . i will remove all the bullets from my pocket .	neutral
friends :) support aap only aap only aap	positive
shaan's sweater .	neutral
@ Somaujr hell hell to you , & amp ; see you tomorrow asia bhai	positive
Sexi boys	neutral
no problem dude , by the way parents's money should be released now tuition is better than shoppng :-)	positive
@ gurmeetramrahim # msgyouthicon " agar if the good deeds of the country and society are a sin , then they are a sin , they will continue to do it till the last breath "	neutral
rt @ laugh _ twit : some have been fed to गुल , some have to be fed now , but there are still thorns in the garden . # union budget2015	neutral
the night was in confusion brother ..	positive
" how many continents was the challenge filmed on ? " " 21 ? " okay , what did you fail in 2nd grade ?	negative
http URL price : i'd take vitali fight : david price says he would fight vitali k . . . http URL click-1st-link ! 2win	neutral
bt for me , studying tax is a big deal right now (	neutral
Oh my god .	neutral
competition mirror	positive
aged under 26 and keen to become a foreign correspondent ? apply for the marie colvin scholarship http URL	neutral
come meet members of the " 1980 dawgs " in athens this weekend at the red zone ! friday , 3pm - 6pm : coach vince . http URL	neutral
gate dhoni in , not jadeja . no time for left-right combination now . # indvssa	neutral
brother . brother ... nice pic	positive
this new Admin of DUC is very sure	negative
we have written from the heart of our new movie bajrangi bhaijan that it is the best of all movies	positive
Bro , I am looking very lazy . Why not ?	negative
mother , are you insane ? give me a glimpse . mother of prostitution . you are so much devotee of culture . i am sorry . we actually come to the firm . whr daughtrs were traded for benefits . do you eat virgin devi shoes ?	neutral
@ someUSER arrogant ! came to 1st debate knowing he's leading in polls so he didn't have to prepare ! then romney shows he can be potus .	negative
what should i say my heart got broken , people are laughing because i drank Kangaroo like a dog # Ashutosh # indvsuae # cwc15	negative
tons of hw tomorrow , lunch date with joey , back to hw , then magic mike with ash and co . before bed :)	positive
come sir , i have ordered for you 4g internet pk . now come . ;)	neutral
when will we win the world cup 2015 or 2019	neutral
me ; ' ill bring your birthday card in on friday ' kane ; ' aw really ? it's the thought that counts i'd prefer a ' twv '	positive
guddu's expressions are amazing brother ! !	positive
There is no plan right now .	negative
i completely agree with the post . teachers have no right to spoil students nowadays .	positive
Bro , don't cry .	negative
get tension friends .. after a few days his break up confssion will also come .. for sure ..	negative
Those guys who are cracking jokes on confessor are simply sick ! This guy confessed his feeling just to remove weight from his heart and get some help and you making fun of him .. I don't want to help him instead of mocking .	neutral
swear	neutral
i still got couple of them in working condition	positive
guddu has a very big back #*	negative
Lol brother , when do you think the server is working ?	neutral
this - god , you will break all the records .	positive
now i get angry , after that i don't remember anymore ..	neutral
no problem , we defeated pakistan for our own sake that was the world cup	positive
Happy Hindustani pride aunty	positive
Handi , Handi ,	positive
1st they should complete their promises in india .	positive
tv should be spoiled	negative
visit to gynae . feed me some money . everyone will be a cheater . you are a boy , why are you so much ?	neutral
jite jite jite jite	positive
gud posesivenes a haad tk thak par atleast freedm nd space relatinshp i want to be very busy in relnshp	neutral
everyone is above god # rail budget2015	positive
@ someUSER riri is the queen of shade . because her forehead blocks out the sun .	neutral
dr . mohamed morsi announced as egypt's 1st elected president after the glorious 25th of jan revolution . congratulations to # egypt !	positive
you get out	neutral
friends pk watch movie mat because your money will go to peshawar chala jai http : t .co upg07jk0mj	negative
hieeeeee salmannnnnnnnnn ji my mother is your BIGEST fan i like your talks	positive
okk	neutral
ban the contract for booking seat by throwing handkerchief # rail budget2015	positive
conGRESS no , this party would never have been there , no india's partition , no country would have been so hollow .	negative
sometimes you talked about subhash cha bose and bhagat singh too , stop it sir . you keep repeating the statue of the man who broke the country ( gandhi ) @ Narendra Modi	negative
sister-in-law , she was not a stand-in-law . . beacuse she was not from our country . .	negative
" brandon weeden is going to be a player someday . he's not right now " - ron jaworski just now on sande nfl countdown # countdownto kickoff	positive
guddu will definitely be from my school . . . same to same boy	negative
we demand you . . . . . . . . . . . . . . is bar also won by common man . . . . . . . . . . . . the people who do corruption	positive
from now on people will not say that money eats a little , but works . nicely removed chors from delhi . # delhidecides # aapstorm # abhiki delhi	negative
rahan mustafa : i didn't catch , the ball caught me . # indvsuae	neutral
Bro , how much ?	neutral
i feel at home in west	neutral
hahaha thursday night friday night dinner special :-) salmon & amp ; jumbo shrimp 15 . 95 whole fish ( porgie ) 1 . 5lb with lemon . . . http URL	neutral
Go , where are you brother ?	neutral
poor person , he wants me as well . go to sleep . my junior brother , you will come to the line , will you ?	negative
the one with this strange name , who is called mummy b by that strange name , is all mad . very true .	positive
Sir plz come at 4pm to sing bajrangi	neutral
# msgincinemas what crazy weirdos indians follow to reach the god . when will we learn to use our brains and stop being sheeple	negative
it's already 4 o'clock , what's left is still left	positive
come , where will you cut me . i will cut you . come , I will meet you . this is islam's curse . sell this guy on the road and die in goli . if you die , then you will lose your respect .	negative
what do you want to do by sitting , start some work , don't think about it # landacquisitionbill's name	positive
hey guddu , you are busted ;) keep sitting , don't wake up	positive
this was like in the last match of india vs sa some one in commentary box said rohit is a brilliant player if he stays it would be gud for india and the next ball rohit was out .	neutral
what loook bhai jaan	positive
halloween is the third biggest party day of the year behind new year's eve and super bowl sunday	positive
had taken a month's break brother . was your health bad ?	neutral
i wish you a lot of success , if bajrangi bhaijan comes on the screen on 17 o'clock then i and my family will all go to watch , i wish that more people watch your film or it goes beyond 200 crore club . BEST OF LUCK . BEING HUMAN	neutral
Corruption .. still i read somewhere that he can contest elections after 6 years .	negative
father would have made it but he is not at that speed that he can't do it	neutral
keep calm salman brother .... we r alwyzz wid uh ... salmania rockd ... haters shocked .... love you brother	positive
The tab lost the world cup	negative
brother one of your reply is very important for me because i am your devotee	positive
@ someUSER i know thats what im saying lol tucker straight outkicked cundiff in camp , i'm glad he's gone . didnt he miss one in the 4th qtr ?	positive
God is there , where are you ? hd pk movie 2014 http : t .co 06cahr2aui	neutral
friends you all are so tired of salman khan	neutral
We used to keep double beds below : d	positive
Yes , no . I got up from the net a lot .	negative
KB spne m ? ?	neutral
think pavilion parade started @ imraina # indvssa # wewontgiveitback	neutral
brother , whatever anyone says about you , we don't care about it . you are our brother . may god make your movie super . happy jumma mubarak brother , god willing .	positive
No	neutral
how will i talk to you	neutral
this guy says that 5 times after saying allah ho akbar , sixty relations with any woman are lawful . mohammad has not written any Quran , what these people do is like this . do not send any message to any brother , i have video . i swear . taking the name of allah , you defame people .	negative
oh my god . . . first you speak correct english and then think about it ! ! !	negative
dhoni is a good captain , he won 6 out of 7 .	positive
won	positive
I didn't even confuse you .	negative
it's vedansde ! @someUSER " wookiee photo " funny ! @ someUSER - what makes you beautiful - one direction cover : http URL	positive
If you get time , give me 1 reply . Your heart will be happy .	neutral
sticks and stones may break my bones , but rugby does it better !	positive
there are more number of fast bowlers in india than there are congress voters in delhi . # aapsweep # aapstorm	neutral
I remembered mom	neutral
# businessnews p & amp ; g shifts top executives to singapore : us consumer giant procter and gamble ( p & amp ; g ) said friday it . . . http URL	neutral
man , run ahead of this . you can't live in tht envrnmt . atleast suicide is good . you should die separately . but do not hurt yourself .	negative
@ someUSER yo dude we should chill tomorrow , i hit up cole and luke and so far they are willin to chill so it would be us 4	neutral
# 154 : i want to talk to this cute girl who was in my hs101 class . i know her everywhere but i don't know her name :(	negative
history doesn't repeat itself , but it rhymes . - mark twain # indvspak	neutral
Bitch please ! . We have batman out there to save us .	negative
tomorrow you will see salman's star dum	positive
https : t . co wgzug5agvg lol ! modi telling congis , your buffalo , your stick , your only hand to walk <3 # landacquisitionbill debate	neutral
was thinking of harry redknapp for the @ Somusar job for the past few days now . would be an absolute coup ! c'mon shebby !	positive
@ humanity i have doubt now .. did you vote modi for 15 lacs .. balck money will be used for new developing policies # aapsweep .	negative
lol not sure if # reggie realizes this but statistically gary carter is the 4th greatest catcher in the 100 + years of baseball #8 # kid # lgm	positive
jammu	neutral
what what	neutral
anyways i didn't want to do it	neutral
deal of the hour $2622 & amp ; up -- brazil , chile , uruguay & amp ; argentina tours w air : through april http URL # deals	neutral
hi sallu baba	neutral
y saale Ismail dog , eating too much is dangerous to health . sleep in Amma's stable now ## boxdk	negative
Now I understood that only boys fail .	neutral
come fast brother	neutral
Salman brother , please gift me one gourd .	neutral
But the bottom line is that he steel has a chance to get lucky ... unlike u ! d	neutral
bayern munich goalkeeper manuel neuer shows he could play in midfield v bayer leverkusen : bayern munich may have . . . http URL	neutral
where are you brother	neutral
There was a special small seat in front too :)	neutral
oh my god ... first say correct english in english and then think about it :-)	neutral
And how is everyone ?	neutral
rt @ me _ god : put some patience . put some trust in me . it's a game of 50 overs . it's too much time . # indvssa # cwc15 # bleedblue	neutral
@ someUSER hello birthday sweetheart . may all your days be special , just like you . love , grammy	positive
68 brother will it not be 100 also ? # indvsuae	neutral
1 of d truest confessions .. same flag here also .. May God bless you ...	positive
olny i want to vote for you brother	positive
who wants to talk to you who is not muslim by himself	negative
why is fat mustard .. what happened ?	neutral
jai ratrapati	positive
Is the solution cool now ?	neutral
I told him to keep me .	neutral
rt @ kamalinsan 1991 : # msgrevolution come to agin and love me again .. # msgyouthicon	neutral
don't be surprised if we end up waiting until november 16th to find out who the next potus is . # ohioprovisionalballot http URL	neutral
I liked it .	neutral
Yes , I'll wait .	neutral
post some good news now	neutral
music picks : r . kelly , leonard cohen , cat power : fri 11 grace potter & amp ; the nocturnals the wiltern if anyone should . http URL	neutral
@ Somujar # halloween good . . and who is the 3rd ? valentine's day ? or ?	positive
Downloading different versions of the greek alphabet song to listen to on repeat on a thursday night . This is my life now .	positive
this digvijay singh , come with your wishes . . east or west modi ji is the best . . name india	negative
sega ki cassette is found only in sega . laugh out loud	neutral
there is no respect for us fans	negative
Hey Suna	negative
Haan brother ...	positive
pacino is going to play joe paterno . this is the 2nd time he has starred in a film , that has the line ' silly hello to my little friend ' - sallu	neutral
there is no need to smile a lot	neutral
oingo boingo ( well , most of the band ) tomorrow & amp ; leonard cohen on monday . # dudeimstoked	positive
We will book cabg and go	neutral
workman	neutral
yhe special song for eid .. this party is from my side	positive
@ wakeme _ up uncle , hinduism never defined what to eat and what not to . hope this feeds some sense into you . # beefban	negative
February 13th , the day before and best buddy to valentines day , desperation day	positive
is gag to gag that brother's hand is tight in hindi . ( it's mirror and not drapan ) ;-) : p : p	neutral
You search on YouTube ..	negative
please bajrangi bhaijan one reply plz ma'am i am going for rewa sahar	positive
thnks alot sallu	positive
don't you have male friends in your group ?	neutral
The problem on the board seems really tough : p	negative
brook lopez with a double double in the third # netsnation	neutral
today my country got honable prime minister waken up from conscience	positive
you won't accept haumahra ..???	neutral
hit kohli with the team . . . hail rahul	negative
You tell	neutral
today's party is from bhai's side	neutral
watching movie ma'am hu .. awesome crazy lover	neutral
brother totlly bhai super hero hai nagaraj ... bollywood's thorn bollywood also needs his muvies ... west doga's new muvi banri hai nxt year he will win	positive
greetings sister	neutral
don't listen to the wicketkeeper . i hope that he can also play for india but only in tests .	positive
I gave you a lot of weight	neutral
dude , you are very cunning .	positive
yup they r mine .	positive
One minute right	positive
yes i saw	neutral
show kejriwal live if you have courage 70 70seats will be confrm	positive
did you guys ?	negative
parker , leonard steal okc's thunder : ninety minutes beforeðff thursday night at the at & amp ; t center , oklahoma ci . . . http URL	negative
Lol . . . . wow wow my garbage bin : d ;)	positive
jumma mubarak brother ... call me to your home on eid ... jst joking ... god alwz bless u , may god's mercy be with you , may god's hand always be on your sir , may you progress in the direction of vaaguruji , all gods wid u alwz ....	positive
salman sir plz reply .. my cmnt my dream wil cm true .. plz reply with my name	neutral
o idiot this real salman khan is not very good :-)	negative
you made me cry really :(	negative
#219 I am a 9 pointer and I have been smoking joints ever since I joined IITB . I have even attended quizzes , labs and endsems totally high , and nobody figured it out yet .	neutral
# landacquisitionbill government made doable immensely difficult for itself . out reach the hall mark of its election success is given go by .	negative
Hloo Salu brother .	neutral
brother , did you say that ?	neutral
oh . . . i haven't lost any stage of hitting till today . . mahola was champion . . . girl this is also awesome	positive
truly mother egg gr8 . . . love you	positive
Oh ...	neutral
i will watch it . there is no tension	negative
You do your work	negative
recap . i saw bad 25 on tuesday . the spike lee documentary on michael jackson . it was beyond amazing . it was only showing for 6 days .	positive
rt @ jyotibhayana777 : # msg3successfulweeks guru g inspires self dependent girls to marry the handicapped boy that's what the humanity ..	positive
tortoise sir is a strong enemy of students .	negative
how are you brother	positive
man father is like this only .	neutral
what a game that tim had . . laugh out loud	positive
Ya .. just do it .. And I hope this guy do the same with you after 3 years when he will find some one smarter than you in his workplace )	neutral
Are normal , you must have met me .	positive
guddu's mother must have made food nahi . poor man had to sleep hungry after winning khali .	negative
hey bajkalwal kejariwal was defeated by modi only	negative
yoga training for railway employees . so @ Suresh had a pre- budget brainstorming session with Murli manohar joshi ! # rail budget2015	neutral
that talent .	positive
Bro , my prayers are with you . Allho , my prayers are with you . God is gracious .	negative
the work for which delhi boys enjoy wifi , for which 1 hour is enough . # aapsweep # wifi # delhivotes	neutral
salman is godfather is bollywood	positive
sarah g . day last sunday ! ! monde ! ! tuesday ! ! vedansde ! ! & kejpar ngaung thursday ! ! cap it up poptsers ! ! & lt ; 3	neutral
hello salman	neutral
inshallah will it be a blockbuster brother this time 300 crosses bajrangi bhaijan	neutral
got new aesop rock , master ace & amp ; doom , nas , flatbush zombies , jon connor , & amp ; cyhi ready for the flight tomorrow , been sleepin on lots of shit	neutral
old memories . missing it	neutral
come my wife will be angry negati	neutral
No problems salman brother no one can do anything to you bajrangi bhai jaan will be a superhit movie	positive
see brother's film will be super hit	positive
sir you don't pay any attention plz plz plz	neutral
I think they hate hindu ' that's why you are not bonded with their hindu college people : - p	negative
Kiran Bedi Zindabad	positive
i swear on admin , father isa is much bettr den nsui n abvp , oh	negative
anonymous ' wikileaks like project tyler to launch in dishambar : a hacker , who claims to be a member of the hackin . . . http URL	neutral
amit ji said yes ? ?	neutral
salman khan bollywood rss or bjp's new kutta	negative
no problem , it's okay . this is okay . do they appoint CA students or not ?	positive
Yesterday I remembered after seeing the cover picture .	neutral
garbage bin brother ( faisal brother ) this time you made me emotional . . . my dad . . . dad is always there even if something happens . . . missing him in every moment . . . :)	positive
hello someone make friendship with me , you won't be able to be single with me .	neutral
i get to procter the psat with my homie @ someUSER tomorrow ! ! ! it only took them three years to partner us up lol	positive
our father had a cycle near him . . did he feel this thing . . i am feeling sad	negative
What happened ?	neutral
Bro , please come . My sister-in-law .	neutral
Salman brother , best .	positive
Salman brother , I won't do this . What's up , this is chahtai . It's an insult to your image .	positive
sister-in-law	neutral
First learn the meaning of islam properly , you and your father too .	negative
when will you come and take it ?	neutral
I did not get any issue because the government is doing good work . p m has given good response . so anna has no more issues .	positive
the item was to come . and mohammad is a fisherman without knowledge	negative
was a gloomy day . but when i saw delhi poll results , it gave me great laugh . thanks delhi . # delhidecides	positive
car racing or star galaxy was a hit : d mast game was yar ;)	positive
I am with you .	positive
Bro , what happened ?	negative
Dude , what's the meaning of this Gap ?	negative
Sir , please reply to me to the poor .	neutral
there is no medicine like this . gender determination is done by chrosome xx . the girl depends on the sperm or the boy on the sperm . the girl is not responsible for this .	negative
I am a very big fan of yours . I love you , brother . Till I am , brother .	positive
brother , which comics do you get in ₹20 now ?	neutral
Bro , will you come down like our country's ladies ?	negative
this is a common word that everyone has	positive
hey the tea seller has banned pm but he has not gone mad	negative
bajrangi bhai jaan will score all records .	positive
after seeing shaan i remembered a friend from school - who used to ride a cycle with a lot of effort . if you wish to win , then ash your hands on his shoulder and don't hit his feet till home .	neutral
this is dhoni kutta's true challenge this is also fixer	negative
wow . . . . she is a girl	positive
@ someUSER i got given some cash from fabrice muamba , signed gary hooper , andy carroll some sevilla winger , i drew with villa 1st day .	neutral
i loved this copy , it went home	positive
Bro , our book is the pride of the king of snakes .	positive
rt @ dugalira " most rail related stocks trading lower . kalindee , texmaco , down 6 %. titagargh wagons down 3% . sensex down 0.6% " # rail budget2015	neutral
bangles rail # rail budget2015 chuk ... chuck chuck rail train . http : t .co 1oaoe0n4w3	neutral
women safty , first teach your leader kumar vishwas women's right to do things .	negative
# oldmonk brother that's why both democracy and page are stuck together	negative
You Sunna	neutral
dude , you are so lazy that you call me a humer .	positive
salute to salman brother . let this eid be your superhit . jai bajrangbali .	positive
dude sexual preferences apart , anybody who would be caught in the act will be joke of the day for months to come	positive
so it's official now , rahul gandhi will not tear the bill # rahulonleave .	negative
if you didn't want to come in front , then you were ready :(	negative
hi hi hi , even in the midst of father , lamber sir is eating : p : p epic :)	positive
Proposal Mail Cardio your once	neutral
Is there a leave theme in my heart or not ?	neutral
this guy is a bitch . but voters are very understanding . man's eggs won't come in denwal's trap .	positive
awesome . . . . ! ! ! " what cryed brother . . once i got tears " . . . ;) ;)	positive
ha ha . oh god , how will this happen ? ha ha ha @ sureshpprabhu # rail budget2015	neutral
Radha on the danc floor . Radha lyks to party .	positive
if you don't want to get married , we'll get married	positive
Nau bjp in delhi as if you are in center . # aapsweep # fb	neutral
conGRESS is behind this post .	neutral
new fighter planes are the requirement of india . old is waste	positive
from chanting	neutral
gonna ride the love train tomorrow . dig it . . . soul train . . . ojays . . bad ass . . . do it . . . http URL	positive
a little more land and more politics ... # landacquisitionbill	neutral
honesty is best policy . for everyone	positive
right guys , last competition of the night . like this status for a chance to win a copy of judas priest's 30th . http URL	positive
not yours , mine	neutral
sumtimes i don't know undrstnd . . who really loves da people of india , whrthr kiren bedi or arvindji ?	neutral
cheese curls and wine is a great bed time snack . time for lights out before my regional day tomoro ! haha # insidejoke # sleep # goodnight	positive
dream	neutral
@ Somusar also the way to go at zachary's is the stuffed mushroom and spinach . excellent . ( note : this opinion may be out-of-date ) .	positive
how many useless people are these assholes , no asshole . it's just a matter of yesterday . i was in metro , on rajeev Chowk a asshole fell down and became very lean , he wasn't even cured . i felt sad seeing him and my emotions awakened after seeing him . he broke his seat and became very happy and went to sleep . . . next station there was a sweet girl , she wore a garland and became very fat . asshole offered him his seat and he became neither cured nor smiled to me . . . all people were looking at me as if he had done some wrong thing . . . felt so bad . then I thought that leave it , this era is not india , but it felt very bad . . felt a guilt	negative
brother now i can't wait anymore . i have waited since 3.30 .	neutral
@ someUSER haah black dahlia was my favorite song by them too ! ! i miss u too . are you still going to miss may i ? ? :)	positive
hey dude , the mirror was spoiled . . . i remember my frst used to make snow bros , neither circus nor tank . . . .	negative
did you forget the monkey cap ?	neutral
if you have some vision , then open your phone , people will get it whenever they want .	positive
what did you think	neutral
@ namogr8 # aapsweep are you my friend without grapes ?	neutral
jai jai pride gujarat	positive
Thr is no thng like " profs hot daughtr " , Chetan Bhagat lied , , ush bharose yaad tha > (	neutral
the day sonia died , that day india will become free .	positive
on tuesday , the theatres open at ten o'clock in the morning , as lent begins after eight at night . on tuesday , all those who through want	positive
so sad	negative
haha .	neutral
Baba baklol ... kejriwal	negative
I also did this a lot of times . the monitor of the class was there .	positive
dinner in athens with my friend , @ someUSER preparing for our game on @ someUSER this saturday . # olemiss # georgia http URL	positive
poor mother india pakistan's match is also a flop for everyone :(	negative
Gn	positive
4 : pm tell me the day after tomorrow no brother ? you made a fool out of yourself	neutral
gud general says israel's iron dome can't deal with their missiles ( keep talking like that and we may end up finding out )	negative
But when Harami came to mind , he thought that he could give a case to someone .	neutral
that time never cum back . super observation admin . . :)	positive
come to salman brother . put a hit on him . he has listened a lot . whatever you like , he will do . brother	negative
finally goi has woken up after # aapstorm # aapsweep . good , better late than never # delhischoolattack @ thenewshour	positive
I have also done this ;)	neutral
pib _ india # uhf rt mib _ india : instead of physical gold , you can buy gold bonds : shri aunjitle at # talkathon # union budget2015	neutral
true . one of my brother's project was a ship built of 5 paise coins . mummy has still kept those coins coated with golden paint .	neutral
laugh out loud super awkward if its hella foggy at rim tomorrow and the games suppose to be on awkward laugh out loud . where's the ball ? laugh out loud	negative
Han sale shine ra ha	negative
what you did may be a right thing . but still i hate guys who think like thut :-(	negative
1 no trealir brother	positive
3:53 now	neutral
very nice , very nice , very nice , very nice . you won my heart .	positive
That startup guy	neutral
dnt thinking about her ... give me life in brotherhood	neutral
sharma ji what are you hitting your lal ? lolz .	negative
Suriya	neutral
sir for the first time i am coming to delhi elections	positive
Salman , tell me the answer to my question . If we are below you , then you are also a muslim . Most reply .	negative
we don't have money we don't have tab	negative
in bank	neutral
born in february close to valentines . through all the heart pains i still look for love guess imma alves b क्रेजी	negative
du is really playing wid student's career i got selected in delhi police but i got only 4 in internals out of 25 nd i got back only by 1 mark nd my hard work was wasted only by bcoz of the teachers	neutral
# shamitabh expected nothing .. just saw it for performances and attitudes of @ srbachchan @ Dhanushkraja were simply top notch .	positive
sometimes indian things are also chek . you won't be able to find anyone to chek , sister-in-law or uncle .	neutral
tell mother that she will do home remedies from now on	neutral
this sister also does a lot of work .	negative
we tallied up the votes and are announcing the winners for calling all communities ! tune in http / URL on nov 1st at 11am ( cst )	positive
run , run , go home and drink water . take a bath # indvssa	negative
arvind kejriwal is educated man not like some people who do politics for money . . . b . j . p . and congress are two side of same coin , no enquiries against congress scams during 6 years government of atalji and nau mari . modi . . . be fooling public . . . public of delhi is not foolish . . . very understanding . . . only you haas hope because for public grievances arvind kejriwal slept on road in delhi for winter night , no politician in india who taking panes for public . . . only making money by doing scams and corruption , every office is busy making money from bribe . . . so , vote you . . freedom from corruption .	negative
Ha ha ha ha ha ka dub ka default passed kya ha	neutral
looking forward to going to carrow rd tonight . last time we were there , bale scored 2 and we were 3rd . do not want extra time though	positive
ignore and go ahead .	neutral
tussi kamal ho faizal bhai	positive
Akka sir well	positive
i am mad . i am an admin . i am trying to deceive everyone .	negative
no 1 chanal is the best and the best	positive
Take care of the bike only	neutral
miss that northern cold . . . . :( i don't get any cold	negative
the municipal market is worth 250 rs from delhi main . they broke all the promises .	negative
you are the biggest nephew . . this will be your last election . mark my words . . after fib 10 you will not be seen anywhere in india apart from getting slapped n inked on roads . .	negative
# aapstorm # aapsweep if out of 67 mlas of # aap 44 aare croropati and 23 are having criminal cases , how is this # kejriwal different ?	neutral
@ abhishek : partially true , especially aunty statement .	positive
this week	neutral
salman brother will not be able to sell this movie ?	negative
@ anu _ blazing but there is no provision of alternate land in # landacquisitionbill , ask the government to add that provision and i will support the bill .	positive
someone else won or won , why should there be work for everyone	positive
@ someUSER i wanted you to know that here in argentina is going to make a directioner fest on 10 november .	neutral
vow is likely to return from a mid summer break in the prix de royallieu at longchamp on saturday . http URL	neutral
if one more commentator references how " smart " the dook players are , i may just turn this mess off . # overratededucation # dook	negative
your written sentence is awesome . you don't love him . put it on him now and give it below two ears .	neutral
all secular people should see now the whole story how it all started	neutral
sir what have you done say something to you call me once brother life 918399840411	neutral
I am very nice for your upcoming picture	positive
watching my favourite @ someUSER behind the scenes ( for the 4th time ) when jennifer hudson goes awol . excuse me , what the hell is going on ? ! '	negative
oh mother , don't talk . but seriously it was a left handed game .	positive
yo i'm excited for royal rumble might book that monday off work so i can watch it	positive
what is the matter ?	neutral
why are we thanking you so much	positive
Do you want to take carg ?	neutral
We too used to rotate with great fun .	positive
now the time is to share the power of the arrogant or the common man .	neutral
those orphans who are worth your money ? BC cant undstand ds fuckng habit of ss gals ! favour -> .. and you give birth to girls like 2m . one or two times swift-counting is aceptable , but ..	negative
anything	neutral
tom hanks and bill murray may be the two people i would most like to meet . well , them and scarlett johansen . different reasons though . . .	neutral
dude , you are setting up like this , i swear on your face .	negative
i hear only one shout indiiiaaa # indvspak # cwc15 # chakdeindia # bleedblue	neutral
centre for social justice report on gangs - one year after the riots . http / URL policy may have exacerbated problems .	negative
Whose happiness I am on the party day . You said that you read all the comments so give one reply .	neutral
today is there madness in staff room what madness is there	positive
next friday soltek residents daffadam and medlam take to the stage at plan b - london for c panel's 1st birthday . http URL	neutral
congratulations , you are a kid	positive
run , dude , you waste by updating the rubbish post .	negative
come , mith in life , where are you , brother Silk j	positive
hey guys garbage bin : you are too close to reality and always reminds me my old days ;)	positive
because y'all have been complaining about him allll the dam time . . not like me since i was in 3rd grade parker has been my main baby & lt ; 3	negative
hope everybody enjoyed ben amos at welton on monday ? don't forget @ someUSER will be at market weighton this coming monday the 1st	positive
did someone notice the board stating " recognised by konami " pic lol .	positive
salman sir's beard is beard .	positive
feeling proud . jai hind	positive
smashing fifa atm won the capital one cup , 1st in the league and in the finals of the f . a cup and champions league	positive
Love you , jend actor . Those who take sweet beautiful guineas hot prayers in every lock are such people .	positive
mother this mother , no one can take her place	positive
you remeber your krantikari interview , there was a photo of martyr bhagat singh in the background . and your party member Prashant Bhushan call him terrorist . what stand you take on this ? arvind kejriwal	negative
Ashu Singh , it will be 7 o'clock for you . My dear , your temple .	neutral
october 17th - november 3rd , don't miss the company of fools performance of the woman in black ! ! http URL	positive
brother you should have done the duty of being muslim brother	negative
already fixed by bb8 b'coz gautam gulati is best friend of arpita khan	negative
#180 reading all these other confessions has made me loathe IITB students , these are not the kind of passion I want to hang out with everyday for the next couple of years .	neutral
There is no post of holi	negative
the fair is looking salty , you are playing with sticks in smoke , that's why i took it . big hearted . ;-)	neutral
where are you ... where are you <3	neutral
salu brother everyone's brother salman brother , my super kahn salman kahn kick se v suparhit bajrangi bhaijan ,	positive
Hey boy	neutral
hour mere 7k	neutral
* Warna	negative
@ Somaujar # flexthursday ! ! dis thursday ! ! ! ! ! wit @ Somaujar @ Somaujar crows nest we calln out da wool suf kum kick it wit # flex	neutral
@ someUSER i am a jr smith fan he is super athletic so i kind of want him shooting with the 2nd unit him novak kidd camby nd white or thomas	positive
wrong information , till date no manifesto declared bybjp , please grow up and kindly don't mislead innocent people	negative
blog post : mtv's " teen mom 2 " returns for an intense third season with chelsea , jenelle , kailyn and leah on monday , http URL	neutral
o man mobile compniyo will be father	neutral
# blockbustermsg msg movie is all different . one song goes into my heart . i love my father . he is great http : t .co bangladesh	positive
Help me brother plzz help me	neutral
in case the above is a true situation , my only advice is not to be ashamed of oneself . if you are that way so its fine , but you are no less than anyone .	positive
9 0 1 3 8 3 8 3 2 7	neutral
dust - the one who had the highest dot on it , he has gone away # indvssa	neutral
delhites have given " thumbs up " sign to @ arvindkejriwal ' s approach of bottom to top ! # aapstorm # Apki Delhi	positive
Ram Ram	positive
hello : please get us to school :(	negative
crime has done this , toad de mala , why should i name him who gives without account . # union budget2015 # super budget	positive
wrong news .	negative
Mam I spent a lot of days flying	neutral
guddu brother , get captain now . . . and do 2-4 ad campaigns	positive
hey this is my story . . . . father let me do my project .	positive
Hi sir , how are you ?	neutral
come home after taking off sweater .	neutral
oh parde . . you eat .	neutral
if you are a good muslim then watch this dog's film on eid .	negative
Sir , bring the India Mission from villages to cities . Sir , the responsibility of the mission is on the municipality and the public . Thanks .	positive
what did you do by giving muslims a warning	negative
guddu is very harmdoer	negative
this is old but evergreen brother	positive
Allah will always make you happy .मीन .	positive
ishmam va allikvam bhaijan	neutral
true	positive
if you want ram , write it on your knees . if you want sita , write it on your face .	neutral
But in the worldcup , team india won't go to the semi final as well .	negative
hahaha i liked blackwali more than pilivali	positive
# rahulonleave , hope eshwar ham barti bhani is blessed .	positive
ironically this guys who advocate for # beefban wears leather shoes , has leather wallet , jacket etc . why only # beefban ban leather too ...	negative
superb brother .	positive
victor cruz is happy about his contract negotiations with the giants . tuesday on his weekl http URL	positive
dear friends today in delhi modi's riley was there but still came to halicoptar i can't come to the car	neutral
he is hangging by the ladder , first look carefully	neutral
are you fooled brother ? i asked you to talk to lucky draw nikal !	negative
lakki brother's frd list i am skti h wo	negative
Ma'am , go to the lab . I'll send you .	neutral
sir , can't wait for # bajrangi _ bhaijan <3	positive
friday is cold but here . how are you guys doing ? win evanescence tickets plus stone sour's new album in about 15 minutes .	positive
sari would take stickers from earth to make fools . . . idiot !	negative
brother , please give me a chance to say happy eid .	positive
where r uu ... brother ... plzz one rplyy mustt onlyy onee : -(	neutral
come brother , you have burnt our hostlers' hands in their sad state . missing famly .	neutral
brother 2 minutes	neutral
@ someUSER oh , it is , tomorrow is jason wo fashion show ! ! you would love !	positive
it happens now i am angry with you	neutral
hahaha . . . . really guddu . . . . . some people are very stupid for india	negative
I found you . :(	negative
shit , yeah , it's thursday , russell howards good news and celebrity juice is on	positive
pig	negative
#77 On the hill side , near the temple there is a junior faculty member who sells sutta until 1 am . Apparently only very few students know about it .	negative
@ Somusar oh , maybe you also prefer Zulu . thanks , no relation ! but where , exeter ? btw the 4th emergency service is the coastguard .	positive
Modi is taking his country forward . For that , he is doing something . Now it is the turn of the youngest of the country . Jai hind .	positive
nice line after a long time thanks a lot for who love india	positive
# loanwatch : ben amos is a doubt for tonight's hull city game vsðaster ( 2nd round league cup ) with a groin problem .	negative
give gloves at the time of keeping	neutral
Come , don't eat .	negative
haur haur dabang dabang dabang .. bajrangi bhaijan	positive
Salman , you are being human . Love you bby . I love you , but nothing . Love you ?	positive
millar do something killer now india is becoming more thriller	positive
see brother , to win the votes , the bajp people can do anything . what is this to make your mother cry ?	negative
hey washington senior ! have you had your senior portraits taken ? the deadline for the yearbook is january 15 . http URL	neutral
1st of all in my world theres only good n evil ! real ppl not fake mf's ! this is why i really feel jlin won't make it ! not durable like yao miang !	negative
Yoga	neutral
i am from delhi . i told your security guard to meet me . he didn't let me meet you . please meet me .	neutral
Hello sir ji salmaan ji why are you so late plz reply fast plz i am waiting for your response	neutral
the number of rallys modi has won , i wish there were 70 rallys . # aapsweep	neutral
belami you are one strange movie , but i like you and i must keep watching . . . . i may have to read the book .	positive
No , the girl will remain unmarried .	neutral
It's bad , it's bad .	negative
where will the land come for clean and green energy ? # landacquisitionbill is a global issue . we need land for # solarpower	neutral
It's a dream that pk movie will be recod to the day .	neutral
i am bringing the monster load of candy tomorrow , i just hope it doesn't get all squiched	neutral
# aapsweep muffler scolded bjp .	negative
we are missing and dying sir	negative
toi movie review of # pk is 4 stars ... aamir _ khan rajkumarhirani anushkasharma http : t .co ospr7gujxi	neutral
Nice , brother .	positive
Gr8 .... I love Salman .. challenge is also good and challenger is also good .	positive
rt @ pinkeekaur : congratulations papa . so happy today @ gurmeetramrahim # msgincinemas http : t . co o1huunewlb	neutral
don't you want it ?	neutral
tortoise sir's laat directly on the bomb :@ :@	negative
this is enough .	neutral
when will it reach	negative
have eaten food just now	neutral
greetings sir	neutral
yes i can call it commitment because they are signing yet . national signing day for nba is july 11th .	neutral
va sallu bhai	positive
kachhua sir do you study hindi or english . he is allrounder to gurdu he must be allrounder .	neutral
ha ha . . brother you didn't ask for money .	positive
everyone is about how good pk movie is and i am here waiting for pocket mony .	neutral
a ' a ' a ' a ' a ' water ' a ' a ' true common man . n thats how aap n delhi be known onwards . # aapsweep # delhidecides	neutral
we will be there at 12 at night . come on .	neutral
Sana khan add me	neutral
Bro , give a statement in the media . No one is going to spread rumors .	negative
So how do you take it from me	neutral
hail lord .	positive
now i am alone , i haven't found any गर्ल friend till now . i am not rich because i don't have ps , i don't want to spend on alcohol , that's why i haven't got even a gf .	neutral
Ma'am I don't play	negative
lala should be taken away as soon as possible * wicket # indvspak	neutral
Even in such a storm , not even a single MLA of your party has been elected .	positive
what did you think . brad will hit you on blind date ?	positive
Now , you have to do it .	neutral
loveooooooŸŸ ‚ uu <3 hahaha salmaannnnnnnnmnmm sir	positive
no one has been told to be muslim . first look at yourself . today you are on the ground because of muslims . singa . he threatens us . whoever wants to watch this movie .	negative
We should have come back in the next period . . by the size of the old school .	neutral
one important thing is that no muslim brother should go to watch salman khan's movie . that harami has challenged muslims .	negative
thank god , many engineers are hitting like dogs these days .	negative
Bro , hit me like this .	neutral
p . m ban took away delhi's pride and ran away varansi . is this not the sixty-fifth blow of delhi's pride ?	negative
why # aapsweep happened because they follow gandhi ji not godase like bjp	neutral
salman time is over come come on now	neutral
tell me how much time does it take	neutral
@ arunjaitley i have voted bjp and it will be good but i think it will be big things @ narendramodi # union budget2015	negative
my brother also come	positive
you got a lot of gifts right , brother ?	negative
device this made my nite da . toad . naab toadd	neutral
plz will you give answer	neutral
anna ji . modi ji . if you are truthful , then you are a bad person . kejriwal himself is an Arab husband , you don't see him . if you want to give him sixty rupees , give him one man army .	negative
will # garykirsten eventually prove right ? # indvssa http : t .co f47nrs8yt4	neutral
i am superman salman's fan	positive
the dirty people will remain dirty according to pychology you cant change anyones behavior you will act but they won't change !	negative
I am a very big fan of Pakistan .	neutral
How ?	negative
salman sir the whole day has passed you haven't come yet :(	negative
brother life we are giving a gift for you .. i love you salman khan	positive
where are you brother ?	neutral
@ gurmeetramrahim # mustwatchmsg # blockbustermsg bapu g same 2 u . bapu g shivratri we will celebrate after seeing msg .	neutral
Bro , this picture's key is a big hit .	positive
pancakes were delicious and everything's perfect . now off to sleep and then tomorrow it's gonna be ascot all day long .	positive
# replacemovienamewithmuffler hum maफलr de चुके shanam # aapsweep # aap # ndtvresults	neutral
@ gurmeetramrahim # msg3successfulweeks congratulations pitaji .. and very good morning .. keep on showering your blessings on this world as u give them	neutral
Bro , come to Kolkata . I will feed fish .	neutral
brother , where are you ?	neutral
bring mustard bran and halwa ?	neutral
rt @ jindalvicky81 : @ gurmeetramrahim # msgincinemas brother , the day of friendship which we were waiting for has come .	positive
it's 19 already and you're still single till now .. you went to play girls in 4th only	negative
what should i write	negative
That's why watch this salman dog film as muslim	negative
no brother , there is no alternative to keeping your hair . . . do it to us only . . . we will burst it	neutral
when i was a kid , even i used to dream of this kind of school . guess i am not the only one who imagined to live life in a parallel universe .	positive
rt @ insannancy : # msgyouthicon the waters plunge in a rapid , guruji's hair falls in a symphony , what a sight .. http : t . ko kejeklak	positive
eat pizza , watch sunny , it's all very expensive . # union budget2015	neutral
good , where is the match happening btw ? i mean which place ? # genuinekhoshan # cwc15 # indvspak	neutral
we used to do this . . miss chalak got eaten by another section . . . oh that 2 mnts outside class . . still remember	positive
where are you brother ?	neutral
garbage bin , where do you disappear ? :(	neutral
you will never take her to hospital , you will be a prostitute .	negative
only mario hi used to come out .	neutral
For laddu , look in the line twice ;)	neutral
Or tell me h lol	neutral
rt @ Bihariyyatitar : mainly you are near me . my akal . you are not mine # rahulonleave # whereisrahul http : t .co tv1acw6cty	negative
save from snaking apples . . . it's a different thing that in english class i was just a dog :) :)	neutral
# ladsontour mon the boys ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! theres only one thing missin #banjuu hau no	neutral
we love we love .	positive
what fun	neutral
watched # pk , movie with a very strong msg . everyone has to watch this ! @ aamir _ khan @ rajkumarhirani @ anushkasharma	positive
the white dress , white shoes , and patriotic songs in the morning . just loved that .	positive
#163 I'm very dark skinned , and in the nights I just walk around in a dark brown undie . I enjoy it when everyone especially newbies who get freaked out seeing a nudie in the hostel .	negative
on saturday night making the next hit honored us with a achievement award it felt like we were at the grammys ! http URL	positive
what do you think about our argument	negative
realmwalikam sallu brother , take people's wishes to your heart . something good happens . i am your sixty ok , you are great brother . great handsof 2 . love you sallu brother .	positive
is new zealand playing t20 or odi finishing every match in 4 hrs :( # cwc15 # indvsuae # ashutosh @ besi	neutral
delhi results proved that no matter which wave it is , the effects are going to be sinusoidal . # delhidecides # delhiresults	neutral
Awesome's wigan warning : wigan might currently occupy 15th place in the premier league , but andre villas-boas is . . . हटप URL	neutral
Come now ?	negative
what happened brother	neutral
first tell me how much did this smoke give .	neutral
thu thu thu thu thu kutte	negative
you have gone for a successful foreign trip sir	positive
when will dude himself smoke cigarettes ... ! ;) : P	neutral
come on , get the budget . there is a problem getting it out . # union budget2015	negative
free computer	positive
cofield draws leadoff walk in top 4th . :)ion at the plate .	neutral
@ someUSER dec 16th . i know it's so far and near the end of sagittarius but i'm a full blown sag girl :) lol	positive
rt @ pmishra _ news24 : # aap supporters outside party office @ east patelnagar # delhidecides @ news24tvchannel http : t .co kokihmjd20	neutral
niggas boutta be droppin like flies down georgetown tomorrow , you wont catch me there !	neutral
the idiot king of acting ;)	positive
ðŸ ̃œ	neutral
how are you mam ?	positive
put a single blow one day story over ... you are alone only	negative
our pm modi's jealousy	positive
: umar akmal applied white powder on me and refreshed me about imran khan # indvspak m asif 03361654636	neutral
She will say that you got coding or not	neutral
kachua sir have you gone on weekend ?	positive
Vicky brother	neutral
undertaker yukozumna would have good choice . john cena to yesterday's chokara . when i was guddu in 90s .	positive
#42 I think I met the person I want to spend the rest of my life with )	positive
love uu salluuu	positive
how many are giving gaali to salman . sb is owaisi's dogle . he spreads wrong msg to owaisi supporters	negative
hanging with katie and making fun of okc tropes . this is an awesome thursday night .	positive
national holiday should have been declared today :3	positive
Now I want to see some true summer training .	positive
he cries and cries and cries because you wont let him do it ? did you say you were seeing a guy ? ;)	negative
where did you get petrol from , money has not been released late .	negative
I will take any of the two	negative
agar government once distribute free phones to all the beggars . . . many people of india will be spoiled by this idiot . . who buy phones by name only .	neutral
You see ..	neutral
Bro , you are right and now even JidgiJand does not comment . The page is already bored .	negative
Anna ji also got stuck	negative
you would have published ek novel if it would have come out from yr	neutral
first 3:30 then 4:00 o'clock now 15 minutes over brother	neutral
hey is this alien ?	neutral
one hi question me 2x-2x ! this poisonous question kachua sir can make hi	negative
Uau seat i have done the same thing with my one & only friend abhit : dear friend , please refresh my memories . brother tune thanku so much .	positive
salman ji is only mine .. yes salman and onus i can do something	positive
heard that all your comments are correct :* <3	neutral
come . friend .. this bahutosh on vishal when there is one hundred and fifty this is a big task .. on that too my mother wants me to go out .. on that too i am helpless no brother	neutral
@ saloni _ shines @ bjp cycle will also work # aapsweep	neutral
grassroot level change should happen ... there is enough budget .. speech was good , practical impliment is imp . # rail budget2015	positive
with # aapsweep & amp ; # aapstorm the new experiment has wings , and rather huge wings . congratulations @ arvindkejriwal egg all the best !	positive
salman brother do you read these comments or reply or not ?	neutral
oh no , how long will this case go on . it is clear that ayushi's father is scared . the sword has murdered him . so ayushi , why do you kill so many girls . this is just the point .	negative
I am safe .	positive
does anyone want to trade a playstation vita for a ipod touch 4th generation 32 gigabyte ?	neutral
in perth indian bowler's inside came a ghost . what will happen to you , boys , laugh out loud # indvsuae	negative
he won't win , he won't win , rajan . prophetic words of nanak dev . be positive and hopeful . )	positive
hahaha ... feeling oshahahahaha	neutral
LlllllllooooooovvvvvvvvveeeŸ yohahahahaha sallaman gag	positive
Ok	neutral
by posting this , you have drowned the name of tune to alcohol	negative
congress is paying homage to aryabhatta . #kashmir # delhidecides	neutral
Salman , you won't make me cry . Please please .	neutral
your father is bajrangi . he is bajrangi . he is an anchor # indvssa	negative
capello : i'll tweak lineup for azerbaijan game : coach fabio capello said monday he will tweak the russian lineup . http URL	neutral
rt @ ssinsan777 : @ gurmeetramrahim we need to say the truth to everyone , that everyone stays happy is our wish , # msg3successfulweeks	positive
Ohh my god , this is the note of my mother-in-law .	neutral
your dogs are also hungry . specially pakistan and bangladesh are happy with desh . arvind kejriwal	negative
hey cow tomorrow is now national ground hog day , i hope to see you all post about it ! ! ha hahaha	positive
hello brother as you say .. best of luck for bajrangi brother	positive
look at salman's bajrangi bhaijaan movies 2 ? salman khan is not a muslim he is a hindu becous he has done more than everyone else has done . you call him salman and you are crazy . this is the religion of quran . you have done more than everyone else's .	negative
And this guy is at the game shop : p : d	positive
it's good that you have written chips on the packet . bhadra patta hi , you don't know what to eat .	negative
just close your eyes the sun is going down . you'll be alright no one can hurt you now . the morning light you and i will be safe and sound .	positive
rt @ jhunjhunwala : modi sir - shut selfie aunty , start working . bharat will go to delhi tomorrow .	negative
hello salman brother ....	neutral
Yes yes	neutral
e just signed up for a flash mob america flash mob in long beach dec 1 ! who's coming and me ? http URL via @ Somusar	neutral
Carg bookg ? ?	neutral
@ Somusar yus e was just thinking that ! btw reece is going to be in kyle and jackie o tomoro i think in the studio	neutral
and the person who does the right thing does the right thing .	neutral
sir what happened to last tym's issues	neutral
say something salman sir	neutral
I also used to get one givegu in our bus ,	neutral
i am not expecting anything more than bhashabh , , faku brigade	negative
shastri is also a crooked person when he says " all india doesnt want to do at this stage is to loose a wicket " and someone is out :)	negative
Bro , do you have any work to do with this place .	negative
laugh out loud . . . . in every movie there is a dream of diamonds .	positive
One day , Gudu's mother got beaten up . Give obama's english cls to her brother .	positive
You made me cry , dude .	negative
Is this jain book available in every city ?	neutral
after doing practical no of practical - P	neutral
Ha brother , I have been waiting for Patiy since so long .	neutral
sun Sachdev will post a pic of winner with alcohol and pizza ! As it happens with anything IITians + en _ suffix do , be prepared to see some news coverage in toai !	negative
did you get mad ?	neutral
hon'ble pm will kick u out , dats only his manifesto , u r dent on bfull delhi , by just throwing u out , he will develop entire delhi . dinner lunch , everyone's food has to be supplied from jaanta after 10th feb , for 2 or 3 years kejri das khaansadd	negative
oh mankind , how mad you are to meet sister-in-law	neutral
1 . no jungle mario	positive
best post ever . similar to my dreams .	positive
Pooja Gupta , you are very good in english . Stop it , girl . Its sound is very bad .	negative
Modi sir .... you come to Bihar . because neccessary to bjp government in Bihar ....... har har modi house house house modi ..	neutral
it is impossible that fake news can happen . . . . . in so many cells , a call came to this cell . . . . . . . woolly smile .	neutral
m dear IITB confessions , i am a comman woman before being a media person . i was merely sharing with a few friends of mine who have studied in journo schools and may have had similar experiences )	neutral
Bro , brother . Congratulations , sir . I know what is on the page . It's on the toilet .	neutral
You did that for the project	neutral
watched the wiggles for the 1st time . was embarrassed for those men and then i remembered that they are probably filthy rich . # parenting	negative
i am a hindu brother bajrang bali is also a hindu village , you give bali of gau mata sir and you make bajrang Bali	positive
rt sanjeevinsan777 : rt baldevinsan1 : # msgyouthicon people seemed throwing packets of tobacco in theatres after watching msg the messenger	positive
ha ha well said .. Monday thou really art so ... - P - P	neutral
Now Salsar , where are you ?	neutral
i suggest dun ? film hiro ban jaa . . . ishakshad ban jaa ... p 8 - )	neutral
my dear i will be relieved only after talking to you	positive
ian chappel greg chappel n indian chappal . today teno has to cry in front of television .	neutral
@ Somusar @ someUSER some people go trick-or-treating but not many . we have australia day on jan 26 , the queen's bday , boxing day .	neutral
and eidmin , i am scared . tomorrow i will be rare to see this post .	negative
So do you think that you will complete Savi Promis	neutral
brother plz release bajrangi bhaijan on 6000screen	neutral
Long Distance relatns need more care ... <3. n dey wrk rarely , ... baki bakka brkup ho ho jata hai ...	neutral
Modi ji namashkarSorry to say but whenever you share something on Facebook then you update your status in english ... it will be happy if your updates in hindi	neutral
not convinced by the haye v chisora fight @ upton park on saturday . personally i'd rather have seen carlton Cole v emil heskey	negative
sallu brother will come soon	positive
I will give money for my daughter-in-law's sacrifice in the wedding	negative
Kundu has gone to Google place BC :(	neutral
old modi rss bjp people are fat	negative
Bro , don't break fans' hearts . Come .	neutral
did the country lose a little from one defeat ?	neutral
Hii frnds this is my page , you all like this page with your hearts , whoever likes this page , i will add it .	positive
and as soon as rahul scores 50 , after 2 overs the game will be over # indvsuae	neutral
@ srbachchan # shamitabh # shamitabhmovie Amit ji i am desperately waiting for your film to release . http : t .co nqluueh82s	neutral
advanture iland ka bhi 99999 copy h :- d	negative
evenabhishek bacchan has to talk to aishwarya , whoever loves " wife " , how does he deny prestige ?	neutral
dude . . . . did udbilao come ? ? run him . . .	neutral
nothing is going to change between now and wednesday . if acta has went this long and o being canned , might as well finish the season with him .	neutral
my teacher sent me back home once . i swear god that today i will meet him	negative
Is your watch bad ? :( :'( :'(	negative
shaan ki kick is awesome dude . . udbilao ki tosrif eid di . . : d	positive
jesus ! ! ! guddu rakhi sawant's footsteps won't break .	negative
@ someUSER then he makes his first career field goal for edmonton on november 1 . what a year .	positive
this thursday night football game sucks . but go chiefs ! i just want to see hot head rivers explode on the sideline tonight .	negative
if it can be done once , then we should talk	neutral
I want to take just one Selfie of yours .	neutral
rt @ e _ m _ Manu : # indvspak 700 liters free petrol for pakistani players , if they lose : kejriwal : p	neutral
i love you	neutral
what are you doing	neutral
#91 Both confession pages are up . The original one was very sidey , it had low quality high quantity , this one is much cooler , it has high quality low quantity ... which one is better ?	neutral
There was a duckhunt too , let us play with laser gun .	neutral
working tonight is seriously interfering with the fact that its wednesday and the challenge is on # wahh # getmeouttahere	positive
the business leader's award ceremony will be held during the @ someUSER annual meeting in davos on the 25 january 2013 ! http URL	neutral
@ someUSER why do you think murray may leave ? no way a team drafts him before the 5th or 6th round !	negative
happy holi my life	neutral
capello says time for russia to win big match : russia manager fabio capello on thursday said that he intended to .	neutral
Kai's ho ?	neutral
Wow is awesome hii iam salman khan pick up your phone khan pick up your phone very very very nice voice iam so happy i love you salman Ÿ 3	positive
Salman sir plz hit us plz plz plz	neutral
Mam	neutral
i had a lot of fun , please pick upkomal fon .	neutral
where are you fooling me from memory , asshole brother	neutral
Allah hafiz .... salman	neutral
# super budget looks very technical , cigarette iit , iim , leave the tax then it looks like talking about thousands crores # union budget2015	negative
Lov u modi ji	positive
hit the rest of the people , goli , i have eaten butter chicken .	neutral
And I want you	neutral
what are you doing	neutral
ha ha . . one of 350 rupees	positive
Han Be Dalle	negative
awesome wedding shoot in amsterdam today , excited fot the next one on saturday in a castle in utrecht . previews coming soon .	positive
his life was good .	negative
oh we are happy in getting up .	negative
this is not a song , this is Modi ji's hard work . one day he will show it to the world . this is only Turkmenistan . Great Modi ji . Great	positive
ðŸ ðŸ ðŸ ðŸ ðŸ ðŸ - p .ð ð ð ðŸ ðŸ ?Ÿ ? ð -)	neutral
Yar juniors ki script or docs kar nahi tha ...	neutral
arvind # kejriwal 2.0 gets into action http : t .co dpv6t9usun # aapsweep # 1daytomsg # vdaywith2izza happy hug day # aapstorm modi assam # you	positive
Bro , I am very happy . I want to be in jaipur . I want to be in thaid . My tracks . Jai hov bro .	positive
Sunday will be free	neutral
Hi , how are you . How are you , how are you ?	neutral
lets see if melo can lead the knicks tomorrow	neutral
@ pmoindia sir , take a lesson from delhi's loss or fulfill the promises made to jaanta , or beware of jaanta's anger .	positive
And at the time of Navratri , you should have kept an expiry . I didn't know that .	negative
Hi , how are you . Hi , how are you ?	neutral
open dialog is co sponsoring with globes to present to you " searching for social justice " next wednesday at 6pm . http URL	positive
we are sixty-seven sixty-seven ! 77,777 now . . * dirty puppy to all * *	neutral
three times grammy nominated , brit award nominee and ivor novella winner joanŸrading takes to the stage on sunday ! http URL	positive
rt @ aartisehgal7 : # msg3successfulweeks # msgyouthicon # msgrevolution ... papa ji ... u rock ... u r superb .. amazing ... u r sweetheart	positive
Please give admission .	neutral
where are you sir	neutral
alex poythress had 11 points and 7 rebounds in his debut with kentucky during an exhibition game on thursday . he played 28 minutes .	neutral
hey . . . gourd gave me the prestige of his head .	neutral
had a ' low ' moment . . . then i thought , why ? 2wks on tusday i see noel gallagher up close with the best boy in the world . . . nau i'm Smith :0)	positive
it's past 4 sir . come plz .	neutral
i have played through mass effect 3 16times and just started my 17th run only diffrence thia time is default femshep xd	neutral
Salman brother , I will give you my philm .	positive
sir you lunched skill devlopment program that will provide employment to people who earn :-) thanks sir	neutral
hey ! you have amazing imagination !	positive
Brother , how much wait have you made ?	neutral
oh god salman i was not coming , why did you say it earlier	negative
du sucks .... bkws ha du ... sale one to more than one traitor , liar , awara this meet is all over india .... surf naa du ka ....	negative
Has anyone dropped a popple ? And woke up .	neutral
dollar gains on euro amid greek woes : new york - the euro sagged against the dollar on thursday as the revised . . . http URL	neutral
brother , are you making fun of ramzan ?	neutral
brother there are many types of contra inside this . by default one with 30 life . 99999999 rocks	positive
I remembered you by mistake .	neutral
rt @ pareeksaab _: now this idiot @ kamaalrkhan is also ready to talk about economy and rahul gandhi is on leave . # rahulonleave	negative
gym time	neutral
Gohar is the era of tomorrow .	neutral
sat down to watch michael jackson this is it on dvd xx	neutral
@ Somujar i miss you and i better get a jig kiss and hug tomorrow night ( because you will be at joe's :)	positive
#304 I think I fell in <3 with a H10 girl . But I live in H13 . Is it possible to maintain a long distance relationship ?	neutral
Anyways ... you have heard some brother's words in black beauty ..	neutral
salman it's past 4	neutral
No	negative
Starting with style wow wah # union budget2015	neutral
spending my last night in indianapolis with my mom and cousin . headed to idaho tomorrow ! http URL	neutral
Very nice	positive
the fun is not in love or in love , it is in Pakistan's defeat	positive
incredible india	positive
colleague towed the con-line on # landacquisitionbill , before i explained the bill to her . more than con , media is anti-people	negative
mother-in-law , birr .	neutral
Rahul gandhi embodies the spirit of Maya . He is there and he isn't . simultaneously . # whereisrahul # rahulonleave	neutral
happy eid , brother .	positive
bajrangi bhaijan 347 caror box offic	positive
Salman's lover , please reply once plzz .	neutral
Modi ji , he is a star . He will definitely become India's star . What do you mean by this ? My brother , brother .	positive
rt @ the _ neerajs : now he starts setting the tone # union budget2015 # makeinindia budget	neutral
you didn't get 20rs , you must have got 2 " taste " toffees : p	negative
# msgthefilm whether you believe it or not , you are my lord . # msgincinemas	neutral
Modi is one of us , we want to open a place of worship , we want to help all the people , for this we need help .	neutral
may possibly like dream high 2 better than the original ! # gasp !	positive
we have a member who needs a ride to the doctor in indianapolis early monday morning . could you be the answer to .	positive
pakistan is literally taking the go of green . # indvspak # indiavspakistan	negative
rofl ! so true	positive
they have dried up ..	neutral
Oh , by the name of this girl , you have done it again and again .	negative
After all , there is no place to sleep . Everyone is sleeping . Ma'am and Chhota Bhan wake up early for college . And in the morning , 12 people are sleeping . That's why they sleep in the morning . Father is also sleeping .	neutral
Psychedelic trance lol	neutral
Bro , just say hello .	neutral
7th wicket down . i will be taking lunch sooner i guess . # indvsuae	neutral
@ gurmeetramrahim # msgyouthicon this is all because of your mercy	positive
brother's love is like everything . i am a fan of superman salman .	positive
Take a Selfie son , when marjage , when kejriwal , when kejriwal , when kejriwal , when kejriwal , when kejriwal , really .	negative
greetings	negative
brother eid mubarak i love you	positive
not arvind kajriwal make me less , i will free everything	negative
Come , how is it . It's not a complete theme . yr	negative
Hatts off for their efforts ... . . there is only one army in whose heart patriotism is alive .	positive
Very nice , sister .	negative
@ Somusar i now , it went from way too far off to hail . i'll see iupui at maryland on jan 1 , just excited to go back to baltimore lool	positive
Society won't change if we won't . Change your mentality before you post a confession on facebook or go out dere to protest .	positive
Will this movie be Bhai's hit ? But I don't know .	negative
there was english speaking campus in hamre school . once hindi teacher got angry at break time and said : you boy , go on the sun ( he was trying to get burnt in the sun )	neutral
come , if you didn't have that sweet smile , then both of you would have had fun . now your friend would have felt like this , everyone would have felt like he was being beaten up , so plez stop doing this , and don't let any body do this .	neutral
i kissed my gf under ail tower , something great to remember for rest of my life . we both are fans .	positive
abe s power .	neutral
i still remember that day like it was ever happened to me ! ! :)	neutral
I love you salman khan . I want to meet you once . Are you mad or a dream ? I want to meet you once . Love you , love you . So love you , salman khan .	positive
That's why there's no project above ml	neutral
brother has become mad . he has become mad in old age . . . . . . . . . congress's b team is common man party	negative
@someUSER @someUSER can't really remember but i think it was capello's 2nd and we started with 9 or 10 wins and ended with chimenti	positive
rt @ photogurdeep : # msg3successfulweeks speak itself ... wat it is :-) apparently it is not getting down critics ' throat :)	negative
@ Somusar all i'm saying is we're playing 4 june not nov dec . getting the kinks out now cuz less june well be there mini lin	neutral
okc thunder center kendrick perkins may miss the preseason due to a wrist injury	negative
dude you came in the news . . . ? ? ? oh . . make a good short film of the story	neutral
I'm superman but salman's fan	positive
:( :- remembered old days . . :'(	negative
pakistan's fans , how are you , brother ?	neutral
enjoy your place man , . there are hell lots of people who are wishing to get into IIT . but do they succeed :(	neutral
Bro , I am waiting .	positive
only one reason contender is modi . he also dedicated to country	positive
guddu is india's lucky charm	positive
come , it's difficult for me to forget it . i've tried two ways , one asan or one mushakal . i'll get out of the house and see a nice boy near my house . he'll forget himself after seeing 15-20 days . it's possible that he's very intelligent . if he doesn't do any other work , then think about his parents . look at their faces when you'll give them a lift .	neutral
come . . . . . you are a big supporter of yours but no one will listen to tarri now	negative
realy dd1 is a great channel	positive
I come to the main parliament , not in understanding - pranab mukherjee # beefban	neutral
power in contra was better than l . .	positive
what is the form brother ? ?	neutral
Hey bike ..	positive
oct 9 1888 the washington monument officially opened to the general public . have you been to visit ?	neutral
this girl made me emotional , i gave her a buket with tears of tears	neutral
brother the song didn't come as i thought it would but nyc song	neutral
dude roamed around like a sixer , this day the world's # opportunity # indvsuae http : t . co 8lljjemrh7	neutral
you are a disbeliever salman kanjar marwari is a bad person	negative
brother life i pray that your movie becomes sooper duper hit .	positive
I am thinking peacefully now	positive
bhai jaan balum salute to shimla salman brother	neutral
i challenge katie to stick pins in my eyes tomorrow . i dare you .	neutral
my stomach is working right friend	neutral
rt @ navbrar2494 : # msg3successfulweeks sir dialogue delivery is awesome such strength and compassion :-)	positive
this is right now on whtsapp	positive
buffalo bills ' kyle williams misses practice thursday : for a second straight day , buffalo bills . http URL # bills # failure	negative
there is only one god , and his name is work . and there is only one thing we say to work : " not today	positive
Is there some special instructions for yesterday brother ?	negative
these people also keep their movie specialized in religion	neutral
misbah , in dressing room : think that we lost , think that everyone got batting . # indvspak # sixzero # cantbeatindia # bleedblue	neutral
in coaching , #Crakbuz live long , today's topic has gone to go ,	positive
seems like Admin leakes armpits from his toungh in the metro ... atleast atleast something will be relief from Admin's social service in the metro .	negative
this video will win ... well done boys .. @ imrana @ musdhani ... # indvssa .. india gets a chance to burn firecrackers ... go to he'll	positive
I swear you should be like a player	neutral
h promos . com . Christmas Bonanza . Get Rs 78 mobile recharge for free . Visit above link to get a free recharge .	neutral
kejriwal is a fool	negative
what is apna project eng	neutral
@ Dragarkar Kripaya give mug Bala chain hats . But Maniya Prabhuji , it is not a robbery after a shot . # rail budget2015	neutral
rt insanseenu : rt poojaag96055304 : surekhainsan yes de # blockbustermsg http : t . co vqksrex9tx	neutral
nice brother i will definitely come	positive
did not read anything . you should keep a bigger size .	negative
Presently I am passing	positive
if you abuse mother fb , you will get your own flag . don't anger her .	negative
i have to go to chapel hill tomorrow and the # usps still hasn't contacted me or found my damn speech processors ! ! ! ! i hate the # usps	negative
Sb bmar pde ha	neutral
If you want to make gags like this , then along with that make a time machine to go to tym Mei Meis wraps .	neutral
Advenced id mubarak	neutral
Tuan lol	neutral
Salo , why are you getting me to eat . Go away , otherwise I will eat and drink .	negative
so here we go into the early hours with hopefully some great racing from san fran # americascup world series . watch it free 0930 on ss4 .	positive
awsm trailer with dhasu fights	positive
congrats .... after 9 months of making bjp government , today aap's government is also banned .... # aapsweep	positive
wot da hell dude ! when will confessions of childhood love come true ?	neutral
metal confession ... or metal post ... cnfession is not from any angle .. p	neutral
today's party is on my side this eid	neutral
stone , ash and a bullet hit my heart . i solved my problem .	negative
a new story of our country which doesn't become a story , how to believe it , then and the country is great	negative
I have sent you a link to see	neutral
cold	neutral
49 days government , it was just a trailer . the picture is a fish my friend . we are successful . # aapsweep # delhidecides # amadamiki government . # aap	positive
the people who died in Halhi are called as Ashantwad , along with them , arvind dhawan , love , fear . in Halhi , there is a lot of terror . they should vote for you . they should vote for shastra kishi but not for your party . you are the traitor's party . jai hind .	negative
Muhammad , brother . I am a foreigner . I am always with you . Both muslims and hindus are the same . All praise be to God . I am your lover .	positive
I have liked it , now I will study .	neutral
nebraska placed a nation-leading nine players on the first-ever senior bowl watch list released saturday . http URL	positive
@ Somusar they canceled the frankie date that was supposed to be tomorrow . so now everyone is going to the rescheduled show in south bend .	negative
how is sallu bro ?	neutral
even now i see students in school , you remind me of supki	positive
welcome bajrangi bhaijan	neutral
plss salmAn rply	neutral
That's true . There is a chemistry exam on monday .	neutral
this will be super supar hit , so someone stop	positive
wow we won this match too . i don't want to be proud . : d # indvsuae	neutral
# rail budget 2015 " oh god " give a good rail budget	neutral
Mark didn't show me that	negative
Admn tune seems like you have taken revenge from fb's DoN . In undrworld , there is chaos . First take the essay .	negative
omg thisss match thooo # indvsuae # wontgiveitback # cwc15 # bleedblue holy god of cricket !	neutral
oh	neutral
roam	neutral
these people gave me out i had slept but could not wake up	neutral
every night gaming , comics and everything dairy milky .	positive
you eat as much as salman . you will make your pic hit .	negative
time for russia to win big match - capello : russia manager fabio capello on thursday said that he intended to win . http URL	neutral
hit your heart a little . degree has value . it doesn't have value because you have taken it . no degree contains the college's name . bas university has name . and at the end your knowledge will take you forward . so smile :)	positive
garbage bin iams , show me some girlfriend sometime	neutral
this girl won't like praising herself ... she told me in this post that she is beautiful	negative
Go to the theater and watch salman's movie . I will watch it on the internet after 10 days . I will download it and watch it for free .	negative
Was there a charger on that	neutral
saala kuti ki oallad	negative
if we meet today the old box of kejriwal , then it won't be fun :(	neutral
Bharat Mata ki ji	neutral
brother . did you not go to shahid's wedding ? lol	neutral
from the huge sensation of # media , it seems that if we win today , then pakistan is ours , and if we lose then pakistan's # india # pakistan . # indvspak # wc2015	negative
we will have to cut the weat .	neutral
i wish we had given india batting as an entertainment . # indvsuae	positive
plz rape jst ant to meet u once hope u cm kolkata once	neutral
I touched your hands and got to meet you .	positive
@ admin .. he has his right shoulder supported by the ladder rope ... stop believing that you can find mistakes so damn easily in d3	neutral
its not guddu's fault . he made a sentence of prestige only .	positive
so much happiness to buy a brother . .	negative
i've watched the benji 30 for 30 before and this 2nd time hurt . kinda hits home . thinking about the homie darrell . # ripdt	neutral
you should talk to ashish	neutral
congratulations for your party , god is enough for you .	neutral
rt @Swachavisha : agreed that atleast the # bjp won 3 seats , @ aamaadmiparty felt like discussion at @ arvindkejriwal's house ...	neutral
this is my recreation time	neutral
Man , this is what I want .	neutral
dont be so sure . for all you know , his webcam may be on and you may be famous on youtube already !	positive
medicine's	neutral
Babu no problem	neutral
The power was also very nice , contra .	positive
analysis : daniels made the right court pick : government mitch daniels said friday he appointed tippecanoe county superior . http URL	neutral
U will be announcing the winner on 1st April ! How do we know it is not a prank ? P	neutral
just witnessed the 1st ever black king of endymion	neutral
icc won't agree with this , so pakistan will give india a walk over in the coming world cup	negative
Oh oh brother devotee .	negative
i ate so many melodies trying to find out the reason behing it being so chocolate :)	positive
first hi round out .	negative
please brother come	neutral
@ Somusar mate , hey come , you lads enjoying andy carroll over there ? can we have him back in january ? we're a bit desperate !	neutral
You share	neutral
1 . noel fielding comedy gala tonight :) 2 . work all day tomorrow 3 . granny smith festival that night	positive
what brother is that country's hit or does that also want to come to poltics	neutral
Thk ha $ hi thak ha	negative
really nostalgic . smell smell ! ! :'(	positive
i think whole @ bcci and fans want victory today more than # cwc15 # indvspak	positive
Shivanibis a gone case now mam	neutral
oh sallu 2mint letest	neutral
that sb is cool ... . why is this match like that of cherapuji ruined ?	negative
rashtrawad led by kiran bedi will win !	positive
no chori imaandari i will do all the work	positive
in the time of gurdu united pressure cooker's eggs came	neutral
hahahabahaha kejriwal you watch comedy serial brother	negative
chick in my class said flacco is the best in the league . 1 - why is a chick talkin football . 2 . i can wait for class tomorrow .	positive
this bjp's loss is not news channels's victory ! #Kshidelli # delhidecides	neutral
dd programs we used to watch . . sometimes with tractor battery when we dont have light etc :)	positive
right ... du's sytem sucks ... i didn't get the result at all	negative
uncle are you on traing timeg ?	neutral
how will you join after asking ? asking support on Anonymous confessions	neutral
All sentimnt have come out , Kamख्to .	negative
but admin , you wasted your time . i didn't even want to read this post . if you unlike it , then everyone is fake .	negative
@ someUSER can't wait for the new series , starts on sunday over here in britain , # redjohn	positive
my hand got hurt while remembering you . . the most funny yet witty dialogue .	neutral
is time machine brother	neutral
@ gurmeetramrahim dear satguru , i love you .	positive
That you are	neutral
i have heard many times that india will one day become the world's guru . but this was not a dream . but now i am fully convinced of your dedication and work style , very soon india will become the great guru . hail mother india .	positive
Modi sir , you have gone mad , don't take my name correctly . lol :- D	neutral
it's a joke , is it 20 marks increase in tune st . stephen's cut-off also crossed . . this time shihad cut-off 97 : : ki thai means 485 marks out of 500 . . aadhar 20 - crow tu 465 . . i am making a joke . . my friends are sitting here with 450 marks . .	negative
Modi ji your sv asakeam is fail	negative
feed gujia i'll get tension hit come	positive
Faku's speech failed	negative
macro economic reform to address the daily and basic needs of people should act as centre of very policy formulation . # rail budget2015	neutral
admin pls maintain du cnfsn page standard , dnt be post of type of stupidity ,	neutral
damn . i would totally buy the sun for this . @ someUSER future of news again : free hawkeye lego with murdoch's sun http URL	positive
superlike .. this so called <unk >t is a product of male chauvinistic society .	negative
Ma'am , that's what he said .	positive
# Apkisarkar finally broke . # aapstorm # aapsweep # Apki Delhi @ arvindkejriwal @ aamaadmiparty @ gappastanrdio	neutral
kick-off your weekend with service ! ev ! ' s get on the bus trip to the boys and girls club is friday from 3-6 ! hope to see you there :)	positive
god Narendra Modi good wishes . i have one wish for you . please give me your blessings .	neutral
super duper like . . salla nostalgia la diye	positive
प्लीज mother swear answer mother swear answer mother swear answer mother swear answer mother swear answer mother swear answer mother swear answer mother swear answer mother swear answer mother swear answer mother swear answer	neutral
I love you	neutral
Now how does mom feel that everyone has a different make ?	neutral
wish fifa would make league results and tables a bit more realistic . man utd in relegation zone after 15 games and aston villa in 2nd .	positive
make holes in the house guard people , then do big big work . make holes in the door .	positive
I liked your movie a lot . It seems so good that I wanted your movie to be the best , bro .	positive
ha ha this is team spirit	positive
these are all fake statements bhai sbhi religion key respects it very much and hurts kbi lalu don't miss bajrangi bhaijan movie i will go to first day or first show	positive
rent per comics after depositing 20 rupees .	positive
i used to eat chalk :- p :- d	neutral
Actually I am going to sing a song tomorrow .	positive
come brother	neutral
Ha	neutral
rt @ newsflicks : # arvindkejriwal's jhudu shake after # delhidecides # kischidelli http : t .co ulblpnrosc	neutral
hahhahaha . . . that was the most hilarious one ! brother whoever you are , you make great powerful jokes and it fits to everyone's childhood memories ! good job !	positive
My mother , remember me a lot , brother .	positive
Bro , come now . I have time .	neutral
Come on .	negative
girls should be non virgins . . . virgins are also mobile	neutral
exams were done by jaanbhuj only when bhagya jati hote the matches . and maths papers were done next day of match	negative
obviously , i am not a fan of dream high 2 and i haven't even watched it ! well , i watched the 1st ep , that's where i heard that song ! :)	negative
calling all reality tv fans : we're inviting li reality tv stars to join a google + hangout on sunday and you can too . http URL	neutral
@ someUSER happy 20th birthday nick j ! hope it's one of the best ! you've accomplished so much already and so much more to come . love you !	positive
south africa is killing	neutral
scrooge	negative
@ someUSER dublin on monday : d so excited ! also my friends birthday she will be at the concert . plzzzz say happy birthday shauna	positive
# rail budget budget of budget budget of right expenditure .	positive
sonia gandhi : son come home now i have made a lot of poison for you . come king son take this and ban him # rail budget2015	negative
February 13th ; desperation day , it's a thing	neutral
bad times when u missed waterloo road last thursday when in tenerife and dont realise it was the last episode :( # notfair	negative
brother you came after eating from outside right ?	neutral
you are amazing . i know you won't be like this .	neutral
do you even call your mother an item , son ? jerk .	negative
mother is home	neutral
now you will have to pay my cheque , shouldn't you have applied my spectacles . . . tell me everything .	neutral
beef beef has written the name of the person going to jail : p # beefban # okbye	negative
and that too the same game starting with different levels . this was the biggest scam of our time .	negative
why ? you will pay all this with tax payers money . this is true .	negative
their main agenda is to win elections in any case	neutral
this is unfair . why does this tortoise master always question guggu ?	negative
modi ji's pm is worth making friend	positive
l power bkswas . . . i alwez use s full on bajchar h trf . . . idiot gals mario to chhoho . i played contra at last . . . . precious childhood was better than our time	negative
Sunil gavaskar is on . now every player on field will be addressed using common nouns . # indvspak # cwc2015	neutral
vote to you ? delhi's destruction .	negative
shaan's bag is radio .	neutral
i had to work individually . . . and had to go to the staff room once :(	neutral
Happy lohri kudi ... .	positive
Will you come or die ?	neutral
the girl with the birthday cake on her in the " birthday song " video . can somebody bring her to my house on thursday ?	positive
fat trailer brother . ...	positive
Bhut talented log h India	positive
I would love to see that sexy piece	positive
what is this .... before today english was not so confusing	neutral
plshahahahahas abhi jao ne sallu	neutral
will happen	positive
I have taken it .	neutral
brother how much iphone did you take	neutral
good night to infinity's iainŸch who competes in the taiwan # ironman70 . 3 on saturday	positive
Yugapurush always follow " early to bed and early to rise - he surely has very less or no interest in his wife " # aapstorm	negative
bajrangi veer son daad de	positive
springsteen is here sat but if that's not your thing rick ross will be in lexington the same night at @ someUSER http URL	neutral
someone is fooled . salman is not so free . let him buy cheats . this is a fake account .	negative
Bro , feed chilli paste to the kids . They are shouting very loudly .	negative
@ rajasthanroyals # royalbattle two batsmen to score 5 centuries in # indvspak are Sachin Tendulkar & amp ; salman butt	neutral
girls won't like this song	negative
hosting is not enough either for farah or for bajrangi bajrangi , he eats like a devil .	negative
watching kentucky all access makes me want it to be monkey	neutral
Modi you are great but see if you keep maintaining relations outside so that your 5 years don't get over	positive
okay me and @ someUSER are about to watch the woman in black . this may be a terrible night .	negative
No	neutral
I have to eat my mother ..	neutral
Now , all that is hidden .	neutral
rt @ satgurinsan1 : @ gurmeetramrahim sir , i have kept a lot of messages # msgincinemas	positive
how much did you do ?	negative
hello boy	neutral
why is everyone's pass flag not there	positive
guddu , why do you do such a boring work ?	negative
I used to get sixty in reverse . Daddy gave me money .	neutral
no words for your creativity	positive
salman brother	positive
# union budget2015 a fine balancing act : @ Girishwantri , head of tax @ kpmgindia via @ economictimes . http : t . co dircfcbkdm # kpmg budget	positive
beef beef beef ... beef beef say time ! ban ban ban ban ... ban ban lover said :) :) # beefban	positive
they are hereee ! i'm so envy those who just met them at the klia especially who took pictures with nick j :( tomorrow is my turn !	neutral
congratulation @ narendramodi by # landacquisitionbill you have confirmed that bureaucracy is larger then court . @ bjp4india down fall is started .	negative
i support # maharashtra # beefban but we need to ditch meat altogether ! retweet http : t .co mxk58i1a5j	positive
what teams do you think may get transferred moved in the future ? i can only see the sacramento kings , phoenix . http URL	neutral
we voted for all the parties but still there is problem in the country .	neutral
Now it's enough friend .	neutral
aap goat more seats than the size of modi's chest lol # aapsweep	neutral
eid mubarak bajrangi bhajan	positive
@ Somaujr e jast got back from hawaii on monday and i'm filing sick too .	negative
indian cricket management who brought their team 4 months before worldcup to get use to of such condition . # indvssa # cwc15	positive
solid reply to people who make people fool	negative
the amount of money these politicians spend on travelling on the roads , in those poor people , their stomachs will be full	neutral
pk movie review : movie that you cannot ignore http : t . co oxxqeqm4pb http : t . co s87l3n0haq	neutral
salman brother please talk to muj plz plz plz	neutral
Brother , the movie is hit . There is no need to take tension .	positive
very beautiful sir different from everyone sir	positive
mummy dad concentration faces ! : d	positive
note this application will be downloaded from google playstore , it is fake , it is not Shakti .	positive
चक de India ! we will rock without any difficulty !	positive
hit me like this ... plzzz	neutral
don't worry .	positive
its funny how impatient everybody is . just cheking out each and every increment in the rupee . this nation is not even a 100 yrs old yet . and everybodys flying in the air . the height of egotism .	neutral
oh salman brother	neutral
you are a human being , this is your uniqueness . you are smarter than your face , your heart is pure , you are beautiful in bollywood . this is your true heart .	positive
i think salman sir is taking a nap . go salman brother go . your fans have been waiting for you since so long .	neutral
delhites enjoy your free water free wifi free electricity , 1500000 cctv cameras from 15th onwords # aapsweep # delhidecides # aapstorm # kischidelli	neutral
@ someUSER he is one of the 1st names on mancini's team sheet and he was one of the 1st names on capello's team sheet and that says it all	positive
Acha sale	negative
you went to sleep in your brother's sixty	negative
this much .	neutral
rt insan1preeti : rt sweetykasta : " gurmeetramrahim # blockbustermsg after watching movie only one word comes out " wow " "	positive
You try to understand the feelings of the world .. I don't expect more than this	negative
When is the wedding ?	neutral
# aapsweep delhi to bas <unk > ki he .. goa is still left . . goa 2017.	neutral
situatn has become so bad that new indian men are tagged as rapists	negative
okhay	neutral
salman khan where are you	positive
we lost our work today because of fight . . but you made us die	negative
#123 I always used to think ultra nerds make up IITB ... now I realize that you guys are as clueless as anyone else in the same age group , possibly more socially challenged !	neutral
U have the capability ... U can give it	neutral
brother , even if you don't like it , I love you , you are a great man .	positive
shout out to my brother @ someUSER who fights tomorrow night on the las vegas # rfa card . he's put in the work so i don't need to wish him luck .	positive
It's had	negative
mumm salman is not agreeable with your fans	neutral
hey ! even after many days , these gags like pigs .	negative
i am not from delhi but i request to delhi people , please make delhi's future hit in the area of nari .	negative
sallu u jast phaw	positive
I agree , but I would say 90% of humans are Idiots	neutral
this is the first time someone has offered to watch the notebook with me so i don't watch it alone for the 5th time . too late it was my mom .	neutral
hi salman bhaijan eid mubarak your movie will be released e like u	positive
Super quota sallu	positive
i'm going and actually meeting channing drama tomoro . it's all set up . suck my dick twitter !	negative
our sallu brother	neutral
brother . . . . i still have the habit of asking for money from my mother . . . . the table is different . . . love you mother	positive
we have given our hearts , sir .	positive
We trust are brothers . The rest of my life is fruitless . Bro , my prayers have gone bad . I pray to God that everything goes well , brother .	positive
8 mints...... lub u bhai jaan :-) :*	positive
In the house , you should drink from that .	positive
Porto is even more amazing as the sun sets http URL	positive
Now I will do its or thiking skills	negative
come brother	positive
come brother the beginning is with ram # indvspak	neutral
brother you will also see how much i have to get . bring it from kajreval trap , it will work	negative
hey hey . . we used to come for lunch on the excuse of chalk . . then fun in lunch time	positive
I am on the internet . how can you expect me to be awesome ?	negative
no , no . i am not a good person . good man .	negative
everyone is a thief	negative
Aar , a muslim hocker is committing a crime of betrayal with honesty . The one who supports him is not that big traitor . First give them a feast who supports that poor person . Tell me what is Islam .	negative
Acha Samaj yajna	positive
# Apkashpath tomorrow , Delhi will take oath from heart .. with @ arvindkejriwal .. the whole country is watching ... with complete hope .. # aapsweep	positive
the free period for chalk , hit one or two people with chalk	neutral
Failure	negative
if you learn english like this , then googdu will surely bring rounds in english .	positive
come now sir its 4 o'clock i am waiting	neutral
i don't even know if you are on fb or fake id , but you are my brother , till death , i will remain my brother , because i love you a lot .	positive
Katrina is with ranvir .. what are you doing	negative
imma need brook lopez to get more aggressive on the boards . 7 feet tall , c'mon son	neutral
. . akashya . . b	negative
Hey ! ! Ma'am came to read comments . No comments have come till now . It seems Ma'am will come fast . : I'll come after a while .	neutral
# livewire nadal confirmed for mexican open in february : rafael nadal is set to play at the me . http URL # livewireathletics	neutral
Is this ancient ?	neutral
What is this ? It is not even a 3 min video , and instead 2 questions , you just send them on twitter .	neutral
where is the match being played ? sure not in home turf ? amazing fans ! # cwc15 # indvssa	neutral
if your in indianapolis tomorrow swing by the macy's at castelton mall from 5:30-7:30 . i'll be there signing autographs and pictures !	neutral
brother in the prayers of god you are always there and always will be there bajrangi bhaijan will surely be a hit	positive
salman what is this common man , kind of helper , i pray to god .	negative
toi Israel admits 1988 killing of arafat's deputy : Israel for the first time on thursday admitted responsibility . http URL	negative
russell howard , then cuckoo , then celebrity juice , then family guy , thursday night is the best night for comedy	positive
@ taran _ adarsh pk movie total income please ?	neutral
finally a gaga featuring luncher paaji ... <unk > came ... ! ! !	positive
Then on which topic will we confession : banned all topics .	neutral
all of them who were tweeting # indvssa have suddenly disappeared ! poor man has not slept since morning !	neutral
this is definitely one of your best gag ! that's why everyone has no choice . you should have kept guddu's tie on your shoulder while drinking water . it's me in school days :)	neutral
@ Somusar for sure . tough lovers are playig dickens on the 8th if you'd like to join me .	neutral
made by killing others , caught while killing others .	negative
it's past 4 but brother has not come ...	neutral
i feel like i am mad by the name udbilao	negative
# beefban Sanatan dharma stays immortal .. secular kuto's like yours	neutral
when kejriwal has the right to choose , when wrong person has been elected after taking him , why should he bear 5yr , reject him , let him die like leader kejriwal	neutral
No chance	positive
bundi ka laddu was the only reason we went to school for , on dis day .	positive
liar kejri . . . i don't like you	negative
may be we should try dealing beef now .. india has no scope for drugs anymore .. # beefban	negative
Don't get this sweet , make some old confabulate and post it .	negative
Those who didn't understand . . They went and saw pogo .	negative
Hapy women's day sister	positive
full moon : oct 29th . you can read more if you have your sun sign in library , scorpio , sag , cap , aqua or pisces http URL	neutral
Oh man , that's enough	neutral
ðð	neutral
blog post : vice president joe biden to present the top ten list on cbs's " late show with david letterman " thursday , http URL	neutral
when you grow up , you will come again . to infiltrate and to shoot .	neutral
whatever my minds says .. i congratulates to our new # chief minister @ arvindkejriwal . # delhidecides # 5saalkejriwal # aamdhikigovernment # jaho	positive
pass	neutral
tejpal , pachauri and asram made a man . # celebsongs . # celebtrains # landbillwar # endvvipraj # rail budget2015	neutral
people are posting pictures of pics from the movie day after tomorrow , all like ' god have mercy on our souls ' lamfao	neutral
come come on .. packing is done ..	neutral
God has come !	neutral
I am feeling very happy .	neutral
@ someUSER @ someUSER i'm everyday dressed up with my spartacus costume . so , if you miss this halloween , we may catch up anytime !	neutral
super deal : nokia lalua 1320 ( 44 % off ) offer ltd http : t .co 7d39mj9bct # whereisrahul # rssquestionsteresa # landacquisitionbill # arvindannaback	neutral
Player should not change , you should take happiness . You will go the right path .	negative
south africa ki to kaha kar nahi .	negative
jeremy lin was a +23 for rockets in his debut . that's the 2nd- best plus-minus for him in any game in his career .	positive
He used to move the highest to 64 in 1 .	positive
@ vivekguptabmr rates the # union budget 2015 as ' excellent ' ! @ ibnlive	positive
rubbish child	negative
a 21st century ? oh oh my god why are you single	neutral
come now mr . salman where are you	neutral
# obamanewpromises chinese new year will replace the 4th of july as our independence day holiday	neutral
now stop it , it'll be 3 hours . you'll get some work or a job . teeth are just a normal ques .	neutral
arvind kejriwal i am not one of flower like # aapians or even this bro will give me more respect than work	negative
where ignorance is bliss , news media and lies thrive . people , please learn to read and do your own research . # landacquisitionbill	negative
if some thieves steal , will the others lose ... are they writing the same thing or are they going to read it ... ?!! stop the drama now i will get black shoes	negative
jai ho aa	positive
i am a stranger . i want to talk to you in real story . i am a nice girl . i can hit you with just one shot . i hope grls majority d	neutral
blind people look at the sale first then say stupidity	negative
@ someUSER ask jenelle if i can use da car on da 29th den ill take you	neutral
I'll come , boy	neutral
come come come brother i am busy i am waiting	neutral
tell everyone ha ha	neutral
jai ho bhai	neutral
assamallikum salman brother	neutral
the section in which girls used to be awesome , we used to be called the chalk magne .	positive
come on .	neutral
really beautiful	positive
it is good that sanskrit teacher did not complain	positive
Ima go see lamb of god tomorrow in hollyweed . come get punched in the fuckin face in the pit	negative
brother what do you eat	neutral
Acha thak ha	neutral
no worries , i don't know who I am . i guess no one else .	positive
@ Somusar Don't @ Somusar the baltimore sun reporting that the redskins have just cundiff-ed billy cundiff "	neutral
300 crore inshallah	positive
free job	positive
as an introduction to literature we wrote about the woman in black , not something i particulalry want to read , may just cry # shitmyself	negative
@ pritishnandy @ chinmaykrvd # beefban sir , thatways a lot of people are employed in trafficking of woman also , but its not right .	negative
Me	neutral
if rahul quits politics , it will be a real ' blow to modi ! ' . @ bhaijaan @ sardeshirajdeep @ sarakchhan @ ndtv # whereisrahul # rahulonleave	negative
Where are you ?	negative
this is this dedication	negative
someone else likes this , you can't sustain this one	negative
100% free recharge ! :-) :-)	positive
I guess you are going to party delhi in the legislative assembly elections with 60% votes and to Puri for holding 70 seats . Don't blame me .	positive
my entire family watches this show and thinks how to help girls	positive
in acting i am scared of us	neutral
link me and send me a signal	neutral
you won't get married that's why i am scared of you	positive
man .	neutral
rt @ etnowlive : # rail budget2015 : wi-fi plan , sms big opportunities for telecom industry	positive
# beefban in india , and talking about karnal chicken and eating pork in middle east .. hello god , why you make us ? for fighting on your name	neutral
seems like arvind kejriwal farted and whole bjp kingdom blew off grin emoticon # delhielections # delhidecides # kiskidilli	negative
bring it on cd signing and performance event and @ Somusar Tomoro at 300pm . barnes and noble on 86th and lexington in manhattsn : -)	neutral
Long live brother , you won't come like this .	negative
Modi ji is the only one who takes the country forward . He is the power and spirit of the country .	positive
rt @ ilibinlal : omg .. haha haha .. starsports were pretty sure india would win the match .. # indvsuae ... obama already ready : p # chance _ chance	positive
come friend	neutral
come friend , i am the team in the office . . going office .	neutral
i have done 2 things in your pappi's circle	neutral
may be there is some competition , but it is hard to get rupees .	neutral
friends , last 12 hours are left . please call me on 18002009424 and support me in delhi to confirm your win .	positive
o goat guts gurl dat u're facing ol de god blaze u # respect	positive
Biased towards the girl	neutral
in the car	neutral
My , dirty daag , says , Karle incest ;-) if you love you mom soo much	negative
best moments during using face book reading garbage bin	positive
brother , i downloaded it and gave it to you . . . and now i am mad . . you have shared laga comment . . . you really made me cry , brother .	positive
sallu brother , in the month of ramzan , bajrangi is banned . sallu brother , listen muslim brothers and brothers , we will make sallu brother a fool .	negative
Brother , take this picture . It's enough .	negative
ha ha ..	neutral
Brother , do one thing .	neutral
sir pls give one reply .... i will go mad with happiness .... pls sir , pls .. i beg to you .	positive
Han tree kar ra hu	neutral
OLD BEST FRIEND GUD LAK HESSA	positive
@ Somusar i told you shane would get his 5th-star on rivals before signing day . @ Somusar	neutral
@ someUSER may your day be full of joy and happiness ! happy birthday nick j :)	positive
salman brother i was waiting for this post thank you brother thank you for my blessings	positive
ground hog day is such a good film , sunday is for food and films # sunday	positive
i think i may know the story of the party nail . salina gomez jammed her finger the night before the grammy awards . i rock a party toe today !	neutral
run away	positive
" beg for food " was killer . lol : p	positive
bjp is taking congress's place . and congress is out the game . # Apki Delhi # aapstorm # delhidecides	neutral
# indvspak pakistani players after match in pavilion ... " we lost even though we were losing but everyone got to bat "	positive
seems like guudu is a parda in kv school . he used to use this dialog of begging only in qs	neutral
I don't even dare to miss a post of garbage bin :)	positive
scorcher fest returns to the duke again for a huge day of live music ! this years record 180 acts ! sunday 18th . http URL	positive
everyone . . . : who will make us watch this match ?	positive
me and @ someUSER booked in to see a good day to die hard on february 14 2013 ( valentine's day ) .	neutral
four again ... hahaha wtf .. # indvsuae 50 up ... 52 to win	neutral
son right	positive
harry redknapp 2nd favourite at 7 to be next blackburn boss ! ! venkys please make this happen ! ! ! ! # makeredknapparover	positive
khan says chisora won't be the same after his ko vs haye - is he still dizzy from getting put on his ass on saturday ? # idiot	negative
free download ! adam freeland - morning sun ( endymion bootleg ) ! click on the link below and like endymion on facebook ! http URL	neutral
when a human is like a star , he heightens his religion . when he gets hurt , he feels like his own bag . this is salman's family .	negative
whatever your film may be , we have to give the first show on the 1st day .	positive
your father should have gone to sleep that night .... 3 )	negative
ready to go to lexington with @ someUSER and @ someUSER for this game tomorrow night !	neutral
in ls elections tomorrow , " win or lose but i do service of kashi " , . . . . patients lie to win boss . . . . + by the way whoever swears by his calf for power , this is a small bat for him arvind kejriwal	negative
that movie flight with denzel looks really good ! may have to go check it out	positive
why are you treating sb after you i am with 1 gang	negative
i used to cry like mugerilal in class . peace to such a school . :)	positive
sir rahul gandhi , you're lucky that you're not in the it industry , gives you a chance to take leaves at will ! # rahulonleave	negative
yes obviously . because you are not going to support zimbabwe or bangladesh .	neutral
watch out for nigeria @ someUSER gej pre recorded speech tomorrow live from the tape via nta . @ someUSER	neutral
how many happy laddus they give to meet in school	positive
should be happy .	positive
Salman is a sinner , so once in the media , I did not say this ... Simpal ...	neutral
friends , just notice now . . i got the news from my own soul that i was defeated . . . . so everyone woke up feeling sad . .	neutral
Akshay , how are you ?	neutral
oh , i feel proud . i don't like frih khan .	negative
@ Rishita Rastogi . Fimly Owl uses common phrases . This hinglish + en _ suffix is delhi style . )	neutral
interview on monday , a call back tomorrow , and vans is really interested into me ? i don't know why you guys say it's so hard to get a job	neutral
we people ( you ) have redhanded the one who distributed liqor , then the rich people will distribute it ? is it psble ? dn y # shantig sayin so ? # aapstorm @ sarikatalwar	negative
i wish it could be possible ! :)	positive
for this amount of money only we boys had to listen . . . girls would have been given this amount of money . . . but today they are given this amount of money on demand . . .	neutral
yuck ... ! ! !	negative
brother log . . . . . don't celebrate the destruction of someone .	negative
there is something wrong in this guy . he makes me cry in loneliness .	neutral
i got good luck . after a long time i cried and saw luncher sir .	positive
cant wait to see " flight " on saturday , denzel is one of the best actors in the world alongside leo and de niro	positive
jai hind my india my hindusthan	positive
the ravens release their first injury report of the week on vedansde . sounds like it will be loaded with names : http URL	neutral
I remembered bringing chalk	neutral
salman khan your film will flop you are not muslim you are unbeliever	negative
no matter how many teeth you get , there is no link between the teeth of the ass . . : d : d real happiness is like garbage bin :)	positive
cannot forget the the salt act also	neutral
because kejri has run away with money from banaras people .	negative
austin rivers needs to get stronger , #spurs guards muscling him tonight . he started and just now scored in 4th . # hornets	negative
you could have written your age and your mother would have died	negative
@ someUSER yeah i saw them open for taylor swift in march . they were awesome ! is cher just like a fucking bitch on stage ?	negative
lol . . . my bride has freedom only . . . . .	neutral
Isn't you a tom boy type girl about whom a boy posted confession yesterday ?	positive
@ someUSER get @ someUSER on february for valentine's day , the suave fuckers	negative
after 2 days # fuckuover is the 20th most played song on my ipod . only another 400 or so plays til it beats what makes you beautiful	positive
Yes bro , everyday I am on my way .	neutral
thursday margarita day with poker sign in before 7:15 p . m . and a funtastic time ! yeaha friday jaron bell ( riannon bday party ) reminder ;)	positive
sat waiting for the bus trying to beat my high score on temple run # justbecause	positive
When did Tuan typing take place ?	positive
helmet head cam line thinking came to mind	neutral
lastly after many days garbage bin is back :) : d	positive
# aapsweep :: aap has to perform only now and he has to be strong in other states as well .	positive
after going to school parde p . t . karna , then vo cultural dance , speech and sweet ceremony ( bundi ka ladu ) . . . , Masat di those days too . :)	positive
Gud morning bhaijaan	positive
old man has gone mad	negative
aash kaddula thuuधू vittau ... sing this and sing line below in same raga ... " stereo phonic sonata ( sung as san Aata ) # acry # shamitabh	neutral
I thought how intelligent people make talented comments ?	positive
come salman sir , if you commit it once , then you won't do it for yourself too , why sir	neutral
I mean more	neutral
Salman sir . I want to meet you in fulfilling my aims . Please meet me .	neutral
english is guddu's improver or guddu's mammi's : p outside you go	neutral
i would have had fun playing this game	positive
pray to salman how much # everyday	neutral
verify phone number	neutral
show one ship navy	neutral
congratulations to you too	positive
why	negative
woah woah wherever there will be water there will be water for your hi woah woah woah woah woah	neutral
if you call me ' good girl ' one more time you may find my scolding hot coffee heading towards your crotchal region .	negative
Jew's live score ;)	neutral
supw - socially useful productive work . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . only for mom , extra production work was done ! ! we used to batch like a donkey and keep our feathers on and off :) thank mom for all your hard work :) : d	positive
yes butg projectg that's not going to work on webg development .	neutral
when will you come now ?	neutral
@ someUSER i've only just begun ! i miss putting in 10 hour shifts on 3rd floor paterno . not really though .	positive
friend , today I did not remember my mother for the first time .	positive
kachua sir , we are cleaning english a lot today .	neutral
no let anyone say like this	negative
rohit sharma today you will be proud of yourself # indvsuae	positive
I had that no repeater	neutral
brother how much rupees do i have	neutral
man , when you tell your bf that rkha is there , why are you saying that rkha is not there . let it remain dre only .	positive
real america will stand up for itself on tuesday and make it count . mitt is ready to lead us out of our jimmy carter funk we're in	neutral
Did you get the book ..	negative
rt @ marc __ me : delhi people , you don't listen to your father , what will you hear about fever ?	negative
wow sister	neutral
neither did you love me and neither do you do it now , you don't want to do anything , that's why you don't call or meet me . you are very mischievous .	negative
you do wonders we are waiting for you	neutral
it's too much shame , this time , take off the sale ! # punam # indvssa	negative
@ shitukaral puppet masters hv snipped off the strings since pappoo is not listening to his mother # rahulonleave read @ abdullah _ omar tweets	neutral
so true but still government is felt with no options ! ! a very old line but yet so meaningful . if we want a change in our society then we must change our mentality first ! ! !	positive
Ass ... you love your mother and your brothers a lot . It feels great .	positive
you are amazing Pandey ji you are making fans wait so much	neutral
oh ? ?	positive
i may be the only girl on the face of the earth that doesn't find channing tatum attractive . # callmecrazy # justsayin # donthateme	negative
jasonwoo with brizo the inspiration behind the ss 2013 runway show beep URL # design # naif # mbfw # fashionweek # fashion	neutral
ha ha ha . . you are the slip of the gourd gya . . . lolz	positive
election has happened , now focus on # indvspak ? how many memes have to be made now ?	neutral
# map : somalia : somali refugees in the region - as of 31 october 2012 http URL # un	neutral
brother , when will bajrangi be 3.30 ?	neutral
good	negative
life is awesome .. and we meet life once . life is not a video game , we will get 3 moonlight . no one's life would have been perfect , so stop it .	positive
Lata b said mustard had been there since a long time	neutral
disrupting # rail budget2015 is really shameful this is not a political argument congress is trying to destabilize the parliament	negative
never lion . my brother is lion . love you brother .	positive
what is the rule that the police who does the main job will be poor like us or should be	negative
Now , let's do it , dude .	positive
Pooja	neutral
brother of bollywod salman bhai	positive
i don't want to open my nose in 2mnt , then what will i do .... let's change the route of the metro ..	negative
however cold it might be , cycle races must have happened .	neutral
come on if you want to see your country as the best and tarakki country then vote for modi and bajp and share it with sabhi people	positive
what was the need to do so much overacted ... . not white suit , just bloody mindset up .	negative
i don't want to get beaten up	negative
hi brother ..	neutral
one chalk for master ji and 5 chalks for myself	neutral
@ someUSER 1win from the superbowl ! game tomorrow at noon ! git r done ! http URL	positive
although i'm not a big fan of ss , all my respects to mitch lucker . may you rest in peace .	positive
Salman sir , when did you come to london ? plz come once . I want to meet you once in life . You are in Kolkata , come sir .	positive
what a joke admin .	negative
hey ..	negative
Yes that's it	neutral
salman plz cm ?	neutral
ma'am brother	negative
garbage bin , the question is correct :)	positive
don't you have any new story with admin ... ! nywz nyc story keep it up ;-)	positive
please help love patel please .	neutral
@ Somusar bullet for my valentine next year ? do you still want to go see them ? presale starts tomorrow morning !	neutral
will work from home ..	neutral
@ Somusar i'm still at my school , stayed in the 6th form . but you got into the brits ! ! congrats iil bro i'm proud	positive
our also duty is to clean India	positive
Priya chawla yes to you and your family stay fit is fine	positive
Yes .	positive
love you mom	positive
That 40, 000 cmnts keep it up , no one is going to come	negative
you listen to someone's mouth	neutral
give guddu a fresh day , he has always been beaten up by goats and dogs .	positive
also need to be at least accredated in act or rebt before the end of 4th yr .	neutral
whoever listens fast , someone will take your dream girl to the next level . Gud luck .	neutral
hi sir where are you and your famliy i hope you and your famliy are always there god blesses you best of luck for your film bajrangi bhaijan super hit film this year	positive
Net pack is over . Recharge from paytm .	neutral
see	neutral
the people who belong to the socialist government have become croresist from rahul .	negative
hey but she can also bring a toah right	neutral
What do you want problem from which thing say it directly . Take the name of your page from the sky .	neutral
my last wish is to meet you boss only	positive
Hw r u now	positive
johnson makes return for tri-series final in england .	neutral
#219 : i am a 9 pointer and i have been smoking joints ever since i joined iitb . i have even attended quizzes , labs and endsems totally high , and nobody figured it out yet .	positive
game 3 tomorrow ! ! ! i'm excited in this shit than the coming pro bowl haha	neutral
To get out to take chalk , it was just enough to roam around the old school .	neutral
keep out 3 former ministers from new cabinet - economic times : http : t .co hppeldgfrd # aapsweep - retweet please	neutral
no jaan	neutral
I don't want salman to talk to me . I don't want to reply .	neutral
@ Somusar the 1st thing that came to mind was something from flatbush zombies oh oh oh my god , oh my god ! or ol ' dirty bastard & gt ;:)	neutral
how much is the match of azz # indvsuae ?	neutral
Bhai it is 27min 1622 seconds please come	neutral
# Salu brother , do you feed the garbage from your house ?	neutral
today's party is from my side	neutral
amazon : extra strength hair nutrient tablets , 80-tablets ( packaging may vary ) by viviscal 649 days in the top 1 . http URL	neutral
if anyone comes , we will take it from the reader and take it from him .	positive
was he human or machine	positive
everyone is missing sweets in front of laddu who meets on repuvlic day	positive
Plzzz or give me some beer brother , this is what you want . will you get any plzzz or give me some	neutral
he has fooled muslims . whose movie will he watch ? if you all are muslims then you won't watch him	negative
salman brother there are rumors that you said that muslim brother will make movie hit is that true ?	neutral
hey admin , tell me how did this love happen ? -(	negative
Hey boss , it's already time for me to sing beta Congos .	positive
bad girls club : mexico is so official now meaning most of the girls going off on each other . i can't wait until monday .	positive
hello	positive
what will you eat PM ji	neutral
suicide will take care of du's chairman . . after reading ths .. . plz tell me . . what is du's cut off 99 ? oh . oh how did he get admsn ? this much gr8 english ! >_<	neutral
hi salman brother i am in a cold breeze	neutral
In Hlp brother plzz help me	neutral
:) yes children they are like this :) bad childhood . i don't remember , i was not monish :(	neutral
U jahanami , , . hate you , , it is time to improve , ,	negative
it's ages since i had kfc , well apart from the mush in a bun that passed as breakfast last sunday , that doesn't count though	negative
i'm spending my hole friday wit bo we gone blow sme kisha nd grab a pack of blacks nd watch the battle of lebron career vs . carmelo anthony	neutral
MacBook Air pro .	neutral
dude post this lovey dovey confession mat . i have a lot of pain , i am single .	neutral
this is the word of fathers . . . . . . . . . . . . . iko . pradha cro purchasing power is of no use	negative
@ Somusar @ Somusar u can't be serious you're acting as if parker just sat down for those rings . parker makes the spurs what they are	negative
he is not going to do anything about 4 issues , he seems like he writes his speech with no one and he comes after learning acting from reukh khan to throw	negative
@ someUSER friday's the main day ! knicks vs heat	positive
jbid sounded a bit like james murphy last night " i was there " ( " when ronald reagan . . . " " at the 1st can show " ) http URL	neutral
@ someUSER i fly that saturday the 15th from detroit to amsterdam then up to newcastle	neutral
Mila doc ?	positive
I'm gbg to get my specs nw	neutral
in 5 classes you will get a few projcts .	neutral
Bro , I want to watch a movie from Puri .	neutral
people of delhi if you give votes to bjp then there can be no problems , there can only be discussion on man's bat or tea and nothing will be found	negative
Now , after doing Mummy's work , the whole tab is alright , right ? Here came the big driver .	neutral
i . . . india's flag went today :	negative
okay ? ?	negative
dude you came in the news ... :) oh .. make a good short film of the story	neutral
lokash yadav brother only you can give answers like this : d	positive
r â€ž j' Å’ and v â€1 v â€ ̃ Ready for today's party	neutral
Hi Bye .	negative
don't you want it ?	neutral
no one pays attention like this department , which is the most important , people send their children to government colleges and private colleges	negative
I just want $ more how are you	neutral
guddu i have talent :)	positive
@ gurmeetramrahim # blockbustermsg sadi , you are my life and the world too . love you father .	positive
wherever i hear , only kejriwal is there . tell everyone the truth . 5sal kejriwal	positive
de musalmaan	neutral
come	negative
After workout ð	neutral
@ someUSER well tomorrow you have to share a bed with ash . i dont really know what is worse ! !	negative
rt @ pankajdoval : charity begins with yoga # union budget2015 # budget2015	neutral
who will check what the people in maharashtra are eating ? :) # beefban not justified	neutral
my laptop got the answer	negative
2012 nfl week 9 odds : the ravens a slight favorite on the road against the browns on sunday afternoon . http URL	neutral
फेku ji don't fake too much . promise poora first . stop fooling people .	negative
Will surely come	neutral
hlo salman sir	positive
the new star sports ad takes the cake . # cwc2015 # starsports # indvsuae	neutral
waray waray niki trailor	positive
south africa is the only team i'm supporting next to india . and it was an miserable performance they displayed today . 2-1 # indvssa # cwc15	negative
@ someUSER anything . i wondered how the aspects btwn my sun moon faired with my rising . i also have venus in sag . . . yea lol thank u :)	positive
you bring meat like this to eat . when you are hungry i have eaten weighty food in the mess	neutral
@ gurmeetramrahim you are a real # msgyouthicon and has caused # msgrevolution	neutral
@ Somusar happy 16th birthday rella . get drunk for me franc . enjoy your day and wish you many more !	positive
Salman brother , how are you ?	neutral
we have also done a lot of work . we also have book shop in college .	neutral
@ someUSER do you have chocolate ? sunday is national chocolate day .	neutral
applications are due this friday weekend 2 ! ! ! let this video of yes prep senior signing day inspire you as . . . http URL	positive
once i made a commitment then i also didn't listen to myself ! ;-)	positive
True story and now normalization of engineering colleges is done (	negative
before coming into this relation , why did you not think that now that you have thought , after ruining your life , people like you will never think like a cloud .	negative
bas signup from the link below and get rs150 recharge immediately .	neutral
have said hail modi .	positive
this news is rumour that he is challenging muslims	neutral
Same here brother	neutral
Modi is the best , Rahul is the biggest thief .	positive
we are alive because of your abusive words . what was the reason to get annoyed ?	negative
i am a madman , friend .	positive
Ha ha ha	neutral
no of sweater u r wearing is directly proportional to the winter mumma is feeling	positive
tribal s are always given a back seat by every centre state governing party , why :( # india # union budget2015	neutral
brother get ready tomorrow first day first show whatever happens	positive
excitement and danger # estatesales . found old wwii shells , not inert ! spent time with bomb squad ! how is that for a monday ?	neutral
@ someUSER ya but my dad is most likely taking it to san fran tomorrow :	neutral
@ someUSER no because asia told me it was the 14th and now its to late .	neutral
too good yr .	positive
idar hi han bhai	positive
creativity . crime but salute	positive
Bro , all of you say , which film is this ?	neutral
I also wanted to talk , but how should I do it ?	neutral
Okays	negative
It's a good movie , brother .	neutral
Dimples are with me . why should no one die for me ? '(	neutral
individual project also ? ?	neutral
from mobile ?	neutral
28 lacks chinese farmers suicided in just 10 years after similar # landacquisitionbill enacted in china for industrialization .	neutral
Bro , will you make me cry ? Come now .	neutral
brother is your driving license valid or not	neutral
He said 15 lac .	neutral
sharma ji what classy have you made	positive
cba for work this weekend , lalu be a sloth on sunday with @ someUSER and @ someUSER	neutral
Don't forget to watch tomorrow .	neutral
the hatred to be a lover has gone away . . . . . . . . borer	positive
hahahaah . i wish i could get models of architecture made like this .	negative
the emmys are the unwatched awards show : in february , the grammy awards show blew through the . . . http URL # entertainment # oc	neutral
eid mubarak brother	positive
# rahulonleave when this # rahulgandhi taking voluntary retirement from indian politics would be best for india and indians .	neutral
one common dialogue by every teacher to every class . . . . . . . i haven't seen such a poor and boring class till today . . . . . . lol : d : p	positive
Gazab's films come on friday and sunday .	positive
hw cute . felt very good	positive
our @ someUSER 15 celebration continues with this long interview with jim white , who plays sat . at cats cradle for yr15 . http URL	neutral
by next week	neutral
come brother ... someone please tell me who he is ...	neutral
new batsman is shehzad or misbah .. behancho is mid off ashhta .. # indvspak # pakvsind # cwc15	neutral
boss is cool	positive
hey watch this film , it will be a flop . bajrang bhaijan	negative
congratulations eid congratulations ..	neutral
brother you are royal	positive
faisal brother , thank you , you probably cured my backward request from seeing luncher sir . say some words brother , luncher sir makes a lot of impact	positive
i smooth just set aside 2 stacks for the grammys in february .	neutral
sunny leone ? r u kiddin ? ( go home drunk u r admin 3	neutral
@ Somusar Loal i'll be able to do it saturday . . or friday night after the greek show	positive
Make him realise how loyal you are to him , share all your thoughts with him .	neutral
How is your mastery going ?	neutral
once sir pardoned us two or two ballooons . . . afterwards i went to school that it was sir's boy's birthday and he pardoned us with the name project k . . . . i am like the teachers of today . .	negative
Pappu can't dance ! # rahulonleave	negative
the sun is out for president's day ! today will be a good day , perfect way to finish the cricket season .	positive
he was a very tasty paneer boy	neutral
teacher didn't test gurdu with the topic .	neutral
Salman brother , if you have sung Bajbu Man's song in your movie , then you will have more than 20 lakh fans .	positive
Yes , it will be too much then .	neutral
got # revenge on the mind ? niners host giants in nfc championship rematch tomorrow ! score last minute tix here : http URL	neutral
I don't want to take sixty monkeys in the job interview tomorrow .	neutral
Bro , remember me in your prayers .	positive
One thing is clear confessr that you don't understand the things you study that's why you mug up .	neutral
this is why i called jamia miliya ma aam . i didn't take even mera entrace , i wanted to do what is best .	neutral
bajrangi bhaijaan is number one	positive
Narendra Modi , what rubbish are you spreading on facebook , do work plz !	negative
Where ?	neutral
# blockbustermsg be careful this marketing people also have power	negative
Salmam sir , we always follow you . See you , we will teach you what it is to pray to God . Your heart is full of love .	positive
# today # all # superhits film . let's go to watch #bbthiseid # superdupar film	neutral
TEMPLE RUN P . . Life is a race of your own . Doing better than yourself matters more than doing better than others .. failure is an opportunity for new beginning .. . you're eventually going to die , no matter what !	positive
# ANJU jimmy kimmel live - axl rose , part 1: part 1 of jimmy kimmel's interview with axl rose . added : thu oct 25 1 . . . http URL	neutral
The tone of this confession started with a threat and ended with a slander .	neutral
sir where to get massage from sir where to get massage from sir where to get massage	neutral
@ someUSER do you like @ someUSER presale is tomorrow for jan 31st show at dar constitution hall .	neutral
so big thesesg '	neutral
free education	neutral
brother , who is your family . is your film bajrangi bhaijaan ? i want to add it . congratulations to you and to everyone . sadar khan pakistan Karachi .	positive
Mummy , should I watch a movie ? " Haan , what movie ? "	neutral
amazon has deals on home theater items on during the countdown to black friday . http URL	neutral
now if confession page is there then confession post is also there -_-	neutral
@ someUSER the sun : paolo di canio says beating aston villa tonight would be like having sex with madonna . # legend	negative
you are laden with such thoughts . . . . what does your mother feed you . .	positive
I trust you so very nice improvement . We never said anything to our pm . This is the first time that I am able to know . I wanted this pm on the land of India .	positive
Nice pic how do you look you are very handsome	positive
@ sachin _ rt waiting for your selfie whichbu just took at mcg # indvssa # worldcup2015	neutral
@ someUSER hahaha ! ! i do look good with a greek child ! i'm home tomorrow morning so i'll try skyping you xx	positive
conc on studies ... n itz normal for your father to thin aat her mother ... so stay cool n conc on studies ...	positive
now you can do free recharge of 150 rupees daily	positive
Ohh , the lecture is done . ;) On the day when you give your sis fredom , someone will meet you . Love you . Lecturer .	neutral
dear that Vas d one sided love...... she jst tym pass vad u ... egnor hr nd srch another ..	neutral
every thursday i go to jesse black in casselberry , fl just for these girls http URL	positive
@ aamir _ khan why not pamphlet of all gods or other religions in the movie ?	neutral
hahans wicket has fallen . india 29-1 after 6.3 # indvsuae	neutral
greetings	negative
salman dear bye , how are you . i am waiting for you .	neutral
big people ..	neutral
It's 4 days' holiday . I'm ready to go .	negative
@ Somusar hello . i ask how did you get on set of castle ?	neutral
dude . . ! ! ! you are a fat guy . . : v : d	positive
?	negative
one day father will come to my armpit .. son of pride	negative
hike hike hike desh mat benj give	negative
absolutely right . . . this is enough . . . . this sketches is very true . . . . i love it yr . . . :)	positive
escalators to be installed on stations but coolies shd be warned not to damage them , this is my concern ! # rail budget2015	negative
hi sallu bro ....	neutral
soo sweet	positive
it was the grace of srinivasan brother that a guy like Isk was captain of indian team .	negative
Hlw i don't want to talk to you , just talk to me	negative
Haha reminds me of the time , when picked up for getting the chalk was considered to be an honor .	positive
Father , what are you doing in the morning ? I want to talk to you . Come on , come on .	negative
sir you run humanbieng you give money till you are there . i will talk to you on the right path everyone will become millionaire	neutral
Come , I'm a boy . Don't take tension .	negative
exactly correct 4game like mario , road race , duck hunt	positive
correct person	negative
first murray is out for the lalus cowboys now felix may be questionable for the atlanta game . not looking good for the running backs !	negative
I'm sorry .	neutral
what will they do ?	negative
I won't watch this movie . I have watched all Salman's movies but won't watch this .	negative
brother . . you have conveyed a very big message to india's education system with this word . . . cut the student interest . . . :) :) . . you are good . . : d	positive
yes you only have plans and nothing else	neutral
it's like brother you say	neutral
Awesome record , Salman brother . Jai Bajrang Bali .	positive
Come no problem	neutral
# garbagebin kohli ki wicket ka back ka parde hai bhaisahab ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !	neutral
salute modi ji for the country .	positive
Just opened it .	neutral
ðŸ ̃„ðŸ ̃„ðŸ ̃„	neutral
i still remember the " Chitra ki Kunjiya " . . . hahahaha it was awesome . . . . nandalal diwasram udf nd . . . kandrabawa . . . . . this was fun . . all holiday homework and chapter last question answers were all this . . this was the worst . . afterwards refreshers started coming . . : p : p	positive
go to the Gateway of India on cST .. it's awesome	negative
Make preparations for labour class in the country , their condition is getting worse .	negative
why don't you marry caterina ... ? sallu miya	neutral
@ srbachchan sir ... # shamitabh is movie of d decade ... hats off sir .. the world should not like any competition of this voice	positive
# aapsweep # aapstorm # delhidecides @ rashtrapatibhvn gifted " constitution of india " book to @ arvindkejriwal any guess why :(	neutral
The bedouins are bored	negative
amazngggggg brother ... love you , someone take something for me . i will watch a show on 1st day .	positive
meanwhile , pakistani peasants have put a board outside their shops . " sold crackers will not be returned " # indvspak # pakvsind	neutral
rt @ drunkvinodmehta : v aap used only green & amp ; white balloons ? was there a hidden message ? # aapstorm # aapsweep http : t .co vnwkb57ybi	neutral
member of our alresford community choir to share the stage with brit award winning @ someUSER on sep 15 @ someUSER how exciting !	neutral
Kejari'sवाल seems to have become loose	negative
pray to india or dhoni to win the world cup	positive
no worries , you will get admitted . everyone wants to get admitted to politics . no worries , you will get admitted .	negative
kisku	neutral
Good	neutral
clean sweep by # aapsweep . amul cashes on # delhidecides http : t .co uqtheazjq2	neutral
till when contra will be stuck in 2nd stage . . . best 1 !	negative
I saw your mail in eng	neutral
hoping @ arvindkejriwal will set an example by making delhi an # aadarshstate & amp ; development ka inter-state competition ho . # aapsweep # aapstorm	neutral
# aapsweep the only person who talks about # Swachhbharatbhayan seriwal # arvindkejriwal # cleandelhi ...	positive
Salman brother , you should worry . Your movie will be a hit .	positive
i'm not the go out type . saturday nights are my " stay up all night with the fellas on 360 " night , but i think i'll dive into paterno's bio .	neutral
I sent a game	neutral
" what should I do with her " , well , she is not an object , you cannot do anything " with " her	neutral
sony's putting out a new ps3 firmware update on tuesday that finally lets you see your ps vita trophies on ps3 . about Ÿ ing time , sony .	positive
does anyone celebrate ... sonia was a Italian girl bar dancer ... today the country is defeated ... wtf	negative
bt . . . his maximum games are boring	positive
salman sir i want to ask you one question please say something	neutral
salman khan brother parTY is still left on four	neutral
liked that senior citizens will get more lower berths in # rail budget2015 . finally some sense .	neutral
hahhahahaha . . so true . . other sections used to hide it . . they said come and ask again . . :-(	negative
Ok brother i will talk to you this is very important talk	neutral
come home rahul ! no one will say anything ! i remember you a lot , even my mother cries ! # wreresrahul # rudronliv	positive
the people with suit of 10 lakh can't ride the Gulf . it is uncomfortable . the people with suit can ride the warrior . what is the joke and what is reality .	neutral
Mam *	neutral
hello hello	positive
Nikhil keep khurana beaten up . . your son will ask Bharata of Bagan , kofte toinglish me what do you say : d	neutral
westbound into the united states - ongoing bridge inspection - construction - may be delays - eastbound into canada - trucks 20 minute delay - cars clear	neutral
I am on Facebook ... not on Twitter ... come on ..	neutral
abp people are going to buy . hahaha joke baba is dead . . . . you should post moi news also .	negative
it is saturday after all . question - is giroud the new torres ? and superbowl switches to comerica park for game 3 . where ?	neutral
haven't watched ttoa with eng sub yet . gotta sleep now . going to watch it tomorrow . ( ~ o ~ ) zaz gur nite tlist .	neutral
i got it brother and i have ordered jai bajrang bali	positive
come remember that i was deleted cardia	neutral
just finished watching the bounty hunter , hahad butler and jennifer aniston . checking it out for the 2nd time around . funny !	positive
Now , someone tell me . After all , what's up here ?	neutral
hi - nhi wen i m not den why u r .. i am scared of doing that pearl . this face is not like kejriwal . she will do pearl with muj . in love there is no shame , boss is a pearl . and what happened is that she is not my sixty . when i remember u , i close my eyes and she comes in front .. all tym favt dialought ..	neutral
बाहiya ji sluts works in return of money and gigolo aswell .... to the people you are talking about , maybe they will be addressed with a different word ... init u think so	negative
oldest joke in the book , to sa : " where did you get it from ? "	positive
if you don't want to buy cal or don't want to pick cal , then give me one thng . talk to your friend about confrence . i swear you won't break my promise . i want to feel like bettr . all d best .	positive
Faku Insans can only blow a blow , not a man .	negative
suprab my life salman khan	positive
guddu's mind also does not work with uncle chauhan	positive
comments on these gags come to the top so fast that i can't think what to write : p	positive
@ someUSER gutted . takin mrs 2 her 1st eng game then . she loves the dive fella . cocky git ! wish u well for 4rest of internationals .	positive
you are going to have that class attendance	neutral
nothing can happen to this guy .	negative
dude , why are you getting mad . you took out salman .	negative
nice drive chargers . rivers and romo face a lot of same criticism from media romo has the 2nd best passer rating in nfl history # ignorance	positive
i've also done this .	neutral
before calling someone harami about us .	neutral
Watch out , don't tell CIA to the government .	neutral
everyone bans teachers as soon as guddu grows up	positive
Remember me once again and again	positive
you could have said that you could have hit musalmaan's movie . let's go and see .	negative
now go to sleep , brother . today is #juma , salute .	neutral
ðð	neutral
when i gave it , the last thing i want to see is the six that dhoni hit in the 2011 world cup final .	positive
the seller of pig	negative
Oh	negative
wisin & amp ; yandel record song with ricky martin , jlotimes of indiathe reggaeton duo wisin & amp ; yandel announced monday . http URL	neutral
Brother , I love you . I will meet you on the last day . I will give you a reply .	positive
Plz sir i have talked to you	neutral
I'm so excited salman brother	neutral
what :-)	neutral
Yes , we will have to wait for it to become sweet .	neutral
Is this the last date ?	neutral
reddy , you must have cried when you came late .	neutral
everyone will manage	neutral
waiting for the highlight of my thursday night celebrity juice # nolife	positive
@ someUSER brother , don't abuse us by posting big confessions .	negative
sally is best	positive
@ gurmeetramrahim # msgyouthicon ji father ... you can do everything you want ... papa the great	positive
Firstly , why did the government do this ?	negative
Bro , 1 reply , please .	neutral
Go , talk to your fans . Let everyone wait .	neutral
lakh tongues lakh talks	neutral
girls have failed again . awesome	negative
after that i will get degree . i have confessed in hindi but my spelling is wrong . i have also studied in hindi grammer . this is the country'sIAS . go and JOIN PRIMARY school	neutral
he is old , i have changed the character , old man said guddu , my father was laughing , my father said guddu is sun .	positive
not pro brother	neutral
Take it then brother	neutral
It's done	negative
sir plz once tell us that you are waiting for us . i know that you don't have time . just tell us that you are waiting for us once sir we will be happy in the sky plz once	neutral
just watched the campaign with will ferrell and zack galafianakis . good fun for a wednesday . # hilarious	positive
Is it a picg ?	neutral
i tried it 1-2 times before to give advice . . brother , write in hindi font . . it will come . . by god	positive
@ Somusar tf2 , maybe some day z , and some diablo iii 2nd playthru perhaps . . . and you ?	neutral
in what joy can i get rid of brother you are having a wedding party	neutral
we will come to your eid party brother	positive
@ someUSER i started soa but couldn't really get into in after the 7th episode . but i'll definitely check out spartacus	neutral
brother this is my phd	neutral
Neither would my mother be able to smell .	neutral
he is on a roll	positive
a realistic rail budget india has ever seen . no populist schemes . prabhu has the guts to full fill others promises . # rail budget2015	positive
Shivani is *	neutral
I swear you will never fail in school like this : d	positive
tomorrow will be hell yall . though , i am going to the golden modes in chapel hill !	neutral
ha ha ha . . . . . . . . . . . . it happens . sometime there is a boat sitting somewhere .	negative
first tweet ever , loving san diego ! busy day like always and ready for @Somersar on fuel tv tomorrow .	positive
sir plz plz	neutral
Open your clothes after seeing your body , the girl will burst your clothes and rub them to the colr . Then you will open your clothes .	positive
Bro , maybe you are busy on another site but we will surely come .	positive
popat lal jasi	neutral
Modi jigood preiminister hia	positive
I don't like Salman Khan , he is a traitor to the country , a traitor to the country .	negative
don't do this son , you can't do it .	negative
ha ha true	neutral
guddu your school's holiday , till the world cup goes on ;-)	positive
go go go , go go , this idiot teacher doesn't want to see us happy .	negative
" avril lavigne is having a concert tomorrow night in the park . sonic's opening for her . are you too young ? "	neutral
i think matty may have just implied that max is doing a christmas song . or lolu . or fearson .	neutral
dear spurs , you are out of coc , not in champions league and come may wont be in top 4 . why do you even exist ?	negative
in 2012 NSUI Won 3 seats # ABVP 1 seat . 1 speech of Narendra Modi in DUSU & results are reverse # Namomaghik + en _ suffix	neutral
Monday	neutral
media is wonderful . today there is a meeting at bjprajnathsingh's house @ narendramodi is not going but media is celebrating on rahulonleave	positive
Admin ... He has * dude . It was written so nice against IITian + En _ suffix , then why this gamble ?	neutral
Salman sir , you didn't have a song this time . I was waiting that you had a song in your lovely voice . I love your voice . hangover is my all time favourite song . Till now I have sung that song . I just love that song .	positive
negros and nigglettes , all who would like to attend the A $ a rocky concert on november 17th at starland lemme know tickets are only 25	neutral
brother guddu . you are amazing . you have surrendered to your brother .	positive
chalk used to be kashmir tab . people of other sections used to come down on the floor .	neutral
Start now friend	neutral
In India , you have gone for 4 months , you are not in London	neutral
leave or live ! ! forgive me your fault . . . because you brought the peas right . . . india's progress is progressed . . . . i agree with wat u'r siang . . . . sahi hai you	negative
greetings , jai ho	neutral
do chamar sale	negative
you will never forget hinduism	positive
Thk h .... nobody knew it , after a long time .	neutral
this may be a little forward . secret-country : but can you imagine the sex miranda lambert & amp ; blake . . . http URL	positive
First make a watch driven by widout fuel , then proud iitian + en _ suffix feel krna ..	neutral
haha you do acting in office till now	neutral
Avi the party has started : - D	positive
It won't work	neutral
no matter where you are and what you're doing , she will always call you by your pet name .	neutral
up	neutral
i really like one point of yours . help the poor . like you .	positive
awesome acting ( y )	positive
who is this god behind whom you will run after seeing makeup	negative
brother it was 3:30	neutral
# sgs fury on brink of beating haai to vitali : tyson fury is set to face denis boytsov on december 1 , with the wi . . . http URL	neutral
dhoni is champion captain and player and always be . he will be miss . he will win 2015 world cup for us in aus . that will be a big slap on d face of all his haters .	positive
Goes to eat ?	neutral
i don't even understand	neutral
what have you said brother # Salman . congratulations on juma .	neutral
the people with ease , eat chokaro like if you eat wat this pig	neutral
no brother a little bit	neutral
sunday is turning out to be the day when i play temple run . social life is a joke only . forever alone lvl 100000000 .	negative
people of delhi know promises of Aam Aadmi Party - delhi and run away from responsibility in 49 days . aap can only give promises , but next kiran bedi government will deliver good governance .	neutral
i may be the odd man out on this but i don't get all the buzz on this kendrick lamar . decent i guess , but not stellar .	positive
everyone doesn't get love ... everyone who gets love doesn't get value ... she will repent to lose and move on ...	neutral
hey admin ! don't worry about being fans of 76 , you won't be able to say anything to us .. # Is _ admin _ Who made it ?	negative
boy	positive
markets reaction to the budget was all over the place excluding late hour recovery ... given the hype it disappointed ... # union budget2015	negative
How many times did you pic outside or did you play another game inside	negative
brother my nose is like yours .	neutral
meet the computer guy	neutral
Yes brother , we will have a party tonight .	neutral
rare , 300 kg meteorite discovered in poland , biggest in eastern europe and may provide clues about earth's core : http URL	positive
Ha 2 4 paas ...	neutral
this cartoon is wrong , my heart breaks after the 5th scene . gurdu wakes everyone up all night , bans the project and takes it to school , when he comes back to his home , he says , " have you shown the project ? " guddu says : my heart breaks , it will be checked later ! !	neutral
you won't be able to do this .	negative
brother how are you ?	neutral
ha ua ha . . . 30 chance to get daba's start press	negative
Salman brother , the look is very good .	positive
it will be awesome if i go to school guddu . . . . . when i come , only girls will die top guddu . . . . . . by batch . . . . and why are you getting active nowadays ? : p garbage bin	positive
That's what i called the gag of keju's balloon . Chow Chow !	positive
Don't forget godse	neutral
Now , I don't have the courage , sir . Please reply quickly .	neutral
Han hopefully the startup will be successful	neutral
tip to apple ceo : you may want to stop outsourcing your mapping apps to china . while ur @ it how bout bring all those manufacturing jobs back .	neutral
ha ha . . how did i get it done	neutral
if you want to marry , marry with your face . humare parents with your face . ;-) ;-)	neutral
@ nino2884 sha dont use that word secular , these so called sacred vegetarian people would call you a sinner # beefban tried alot last :)	negative
so much rubbish is being applied in delhi , he did not apply this much even in sabha	negative
this is brother sallu miya's film because it is inspired gag	neutral
scrooge	negative
@ someUSER you are a 5-star to the hog fans , va3 ! you got props from the coach wednesday night at the signing day event in the ville , #wps !	positive
hahaha abishek bachan's sixty-seven hit guddu a lot : d : d : d	negative
Love it when you have bale first scorer , 2nd time in a week # loveit	positive
your party is not worth your god	negative
rightly said . . izzt rob the dollar and take it to 69	negative
in 49 days of kesriwal , i said that if i had got 5 salas , i would have written the name of hindustan in ginees book .	negative
brother waiting eagerly for you ... plssss come fast , it's been 3 . 30pm to 4pm and now it's 5pm . i'm taking my lips and waiting for you on your page .	positive
loved the hair style from friday's jason wu new york fashion week show ? we're giving you the step-by-step to .	positive
Whenever there is an ind-pak match schedule in wc from now on , ind should be given the same walkover day @ sirjadeja # indvspak	positive
# abtakchhappan2 review - there is nothing appealing n this sequel says @ koimoireviews check others review also at mirab . in # rail budget2015	neutral
No when ?	neutral
awesome hillarious or no words can describe this great comedy	neutral
the day sonia died , that day india will become free	positive
Whoever thinks brother did not come , open this link and see how many people brother replied livestream . com , February salmankhan	neutral
today , if Gandhiji were there , we would have been happy . # aapsweep # akkihali @ arvindkejriwal @ akam _ a @ ikumar7	positive
sir . . please send me sixty-five excuses of time ,	negative
next tuesday is d2's chocolate day ! with halloween right around the corner , this is sure to curb your candy craving : http URL	neutral
Bro , please talk about something .	neutral
" make in india " only in speeches , reality is to get " made in china " . id's made in china was used in today's rally .	negative
# aapsweep # aapstorm it was a 3 hrs (8 to 11am ) horror film for bjp and congress and it was a 3 hrs thriller film for whole country .	negative
you just take care of yourself , this will make me hot .	neutral
Where are you sir ?	neutral
Hug her n ask 4 sry . Wen u hug n ask sry any gal wud acept your apology	positive
it needs to storm february 9th so endymion can get canceled and all the parades would then start at 7am on sunday . # mardigras # nola	negative
@ someUSER but how you gon handle it if you are announcing on super bowl sunday ? ! ! you might put that gold back in yo grill .	neutral
pk movie is just a proof that this movie is not muslim fake . lol @ maanhcl2007 @ jeetensingh @ yesiamsaffron @ swimmer _ bhuppi	neutral
great job doods countinue .	positive
amazon has just opened its black friday store more on business news by cheryl ceballos http URL	neutral
which prfume did your cousin use to attract you , he got driven to the bed straight away .	positive
never trust chinese	negative
feel free i have avote which will not be sure for kejriwals	negative
Maahi bhaijaan will be relaxed	neutral
we get to dress up in halloween costumes on wednesday . sophia grace and rosie in the building ladies and gentleman .	positive
# oilersmobile : july 20: sam gagner . http URL @ someUSER nice to have you there for at least another year !	positive
you	neutral
PM's sixty foreign ministers are also there Modi	neutral
till when did you love girls even after being indian	negative
Ha ha ha . This is the right choice baby .	positive
.@ postwar @ vishalmathur85 true that . # starc is freaking scary . watching bhubaneswar kumar now , looks like a spinner . # ausvnz # indvsuae	negative
I am going home now .	neutral
Bro , I am a big fan of yours from Pakistan , Sindh , karachii .	positive
we leave our answer sheet empty just because teachers don't say this , see today's kids answer later	positive
ana & amp ; @ arvindkajariwal should first get an old bill , farmer will get 4 times value for land instead of land , # arvindannaback # landacquisitionbill	positive
ma'am good	negative
how are you brother	negative
best acter .. salman khan	positive
# aapsweep aap hi aap , bhaki all shaaf . puri delhi is clean	neutral
brother luv u	positive
guddu has become very vulgar	negative
Now there is only $ on the shopping .	positive
first #Hathi ( Basp ) gave #Anda , now # congress : p # aapsweep # Apki Delhi @ Naमहिd @ rubusmubu @ aimimfansclub @ alihydbd @ stoppression	negative
rt @ keisar _: 5 years kejriwaal .. now delhi will become poshchim bengal # aapsweep # delhidecides	neutral
dude has grown up .	neutral
jai ho hindlish mata ki .	positive
Modi , take some care of your country . You have become pm only to go astray . Are you a fake pm ?	negative
how fun it was to marry mario	positive
and they said the war happened , we planted our fields and crops , this war did not happen by modi government , we searched for good news everyday , 2014 mini # landacquisitionbill	neutral
tell her to be friend first make friendship strong ! best of luck ! !	positive
hey frends i just searched for an app that gives free talktime .	positive
hi sir i want to see at pk movie tamil dubbed please and @ actor vijay @ shankar @ pk h	neutral
list which console you had , i had samurai tv video game and mega . . . to get that , you had to struggle hard	neutral
How much did you get brother ?	neutral
my story is opposite	neutral
rt @ jeet17bal : @ gurmeetramrahim # msg3successfulweeks your promises will be fulfilled papa ji ... then we will drink your happiness	positive
# arvindannaback brother , if your flop show is over , then go and do some work and give me your hand for the welfare of the country . # landacquisitionbill	negative
which players do you think deserve to be in if starting xi against arsenal on saturday's game ?	neutral
i wish i could meet you in childhood .	neutral
#262 I once borrowed a ruler from a girl in my class , used it to measure my penis and returned it back to her .	negative
shah rukh khan's train is not vankhade . # rail budget2015 # celebtrains	positive
going to the georgetown game on friday ! # imwearingblue # istillloveeastview	positive
Salman Khan , I have beaten your ass . Kece randi k beachy .	negative
now do all this foolish talk and ruin raina's life .	positive
Salman brother , you are awesome .	neutral
i even hw after burning candle : p	positive
& Being human , you are helping all people	neutral
@Swissleaks i know by the time list grows . acct balance recedes # swissleaks # aapsweep	neutral
to be a winner , all you have to give is all you have . @ arvindkejriwal kejriwal # ashuthali # aapocalypse # aapsweep # aapstorm	positive
ashleel launde . garbage bin's creation .	neutral
Come to some school and see the classes . You will get to see the oscar winning performance every day .	positive
Ha , now forget the world cup .	neutral
hey to was opposite brother . . . . ! ! ! father hi the one with ' no transaction limit ' atm :-)	negative
i don't want this love , i want to live in this much society . . . . it is a river of fire . i want to go to the toilet .	negative
ma'am even today . . . . . . this is what i have done . . . . . . . . . we came to the ground in full inner jacket on bike from home . . . . . . nd ground hi . . . . . . single t-shirt me : p : d	neutral
The decision is old brother .	negative
Yes , absolutely .	neutral
Dont be so sure . For all you know , his webcam may be on and you may be famous on youtube already !	neutral
perhaps no p . m . with this much energy belongs to india , i am prey kejri for you from god , with everyone ... everyone's development .... jai ho	positive
Yes	neutral
thank you to all of our parents and guidance staff for our annual academic signing day on thursday ! i'll post photos soon !	positive
come brother , i haven't seen the first show on the 1st day . then what is the use of dying	positive
#162 are ve matchus + en _ suffix also allowed to call ourselves iITians + en _ suffix ? Why do undergrads look down on us ? Aren't we part of the same campus , the same culture and the same community ?	neutral
the suit worth 10 lakhs got packed ... # aapsweep # delhidecides # delhielections	neutral
what didn't happen to dad . . that didn't happen to them	neutral
how are you going	negative
our parents use to take our project seriously and use to ask , did you complete your project , tomorrow this your last day did you complete it , and epic reaction if we made a small mistake in my project then what ? then how will rectify it now time is ending	neutral
it's 4 already	neutral
nothing better than this friend that was past sweet past , thanks buddy	positive
jai jai ho india	positive
very good bhai mujy thori you are very understanding	positive
Go it's cool ..	neutral
was the spoon of srinivasan . if one goes to jail then another will handle cement factory	negative
hour	negative
i wish nintedo ( and all other game console manufacturers ) would give me money to play , i won't do a job today	negative
Do you love your sisters and brothers a lot ?	neutral
and i am in office :'(	negative
call everyone together .	neutral
brother what is the solution	neutral
CBSE never delays marksheets U pervert :-) Must be your school , s fault .	negative
i completely agree with the post .. teachers hv no right to spoil students aunty now ..	neutral
oh today after opening google i'm feeling lucky i will click for sure	neutral
his match is coming so fast . he is star # indvspak	negative
today even if you are a kid , india will lose	positive
Sally , I don't understand . Whatever cmmnt you thought , that's what everybody else thought .	negative
' sos ' not an over the top comedy : ashwni dhir : mumbai , nov 1 ( ians ) forthcoming comedy " son of sardaar " might be http URL	negative
rt @Sunchikapande : . @ Sachin _ rt just spotted you taking a selfie :-) tweet please ! # indvssa	positive
come or not , we are waiting . you want or not , we love you with all our hearts . Salman sir , love you with all our hearts .	positive
search on for absconding ' rapist ' footballers : police : kolkata , nov 1 ( ians ) police are still on the . http URL @ someUSER	neutral
Is the juice of the items in the lab or not ?	neutral
talkin with procter & amp ; gamble sound like its the move to make . . but well see come thursday for this career fair	positive
i like kiren bedi but i would like to vote for arvind kejriwal	neutral
prashant thakur vijay nainwal saala , after going to mario contra , i found shi maai grace .	negative
okay	positive
# delhidecides , to get something free , you shouldn't get any money .	negative
no job 4 youth , no vote	negative
Yes ..	neutral
now sequence thk	positive
seriously -_-	negative
brother , it's 4 o'clock . just wait for 3 : 30 .	neutral
heard that du's girls get beaten up ..	negative
Come bro , I am coming to your home brother . Can I come to eat biryani brother ?	neutral
how are you brother	neutral
your number is in the goons . i am going to hang up after 10 hours of work	neutral
Hlo sir , will you ever talk to me . There is something that I want to share with you .	neutral
सबसे happy luncher pa ji : d	positive
kajri himself is navratri , what to make fun of him . he is going to run away from delhi after 10 feb .	negative
what will happen to you all in 2 mb . for 2 mb you will get more mb than 2 mb or you will get more money . this is really work .	positive
we have been here for getting your freedom since so long but you are not coming	neutral
hey ! ! ! moms are just superb . . congratulations	positive
Real cleanliness can be achieved only by buying clean clothes , sir . No by showing photo .	negative
and there was no match with the graphics shown in the photo : 3	negative
there's less space in 10 janpath's house thats why # rahulonleave to think . pure idiotic . he keeps on going in europe with his girlfriend	negative
our brother sallu brother d everlasting men :-)	positive
very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very nice and i love you very much brother	positive
First , even after copying your friend's URL , his URL is stored in your other folder . He is a cunning person in hindi , and your eyes are spoiled . Do you not see the timeline's post ? Go , let's do it .	negative
i have msged you for more than 100 times sir , please reply now ? i have been waiting since so long .	neutral
doing some serious sucking up tonight so i can go harry's tomorrow :( @ someUSER	neutral
rt shutupma : rt humanityंजli : gurmeetramrahim # blockbustermsg goood evening drink .. luv u bless me & amp ; all your kids # msgincinemas	neutral
come brother	neutral
Are you not joking with your fan ?	negative
don't worry this much , but the dog's dampness won't be straight . @ bjpians still fighting and taunting ... saram cro ... # aapsweep # delhidecides	negative
rt jsingh341 : rt soniainsan9 : rt nehatalejainsan : # monsoon will happen here , it will happen everywhere now it will happen in the whole world # gurmeetramrahim's curse	positive
modi is best modi's big world doesn't work	negative
brother life your movie is hit . haam yours is sixty inshallha	positive
niggas was really on some 10th grade shit tonight	neutral
today every citizen has the same wish that modi will do something . today we will lose .	positive
brother i'm big fan of u . brother i follow you and i want to do good work like you .	positive
awesome	positive
you beat me up	neutral
day off yesterday wheww may time din at napanood ang unofficially yours at november mano .	neutral
ha ha . . . . . right . . whenever i pass through the staff room , i smelled so much honey .	neutral
you do wonders Pandi ji .... how much will you make us wait	neutral
Salman brother , I am a very big fan of yours from Pakistan . I want to meet you . Are you sure ?	neutral
sharma ji's son got beaten up today .	negative
school me 2 laddu milts	neutral
kushwaha sir what do you say to the ladies finger ?	neutral
@ gurmeetramrahim # msgincinemas shah satnam sir , sing the qualities of yours , sing happiness , sing good wishes , sing happy wishes , sing good wishes , dear satguru	positive
if you want to give money to the police , will you not sell your money and there is no solution to the government .	positive
correct brother . . . . . . . . . do more and live the life .	positive
till now	neutral
what happened ?	neutral
I have a lot of work too .	neutral
de your and salman's characters are like that chip	negative
rail budget's subsidy is true .. no big change has been done in this budget . improve what is there # rail budget budget budget budget budget budget	positive
from the age of this cartridge games to today ; s online games . . . i am still searching for those games mentioned in the pictures . . . put arnold's picture on contra's name and give it	negative
maybe someone else has been made for you , who deserves you , just move on and be happy )	positive
i've seen every denzel washington movie and flight has @ someUSER in it too ! i miss that kid ! but i'm in that theatre tomorrow !	positive
@ Somuzar Akki ta junior saying he is inviting max tomorrow lol to chill in the house	positive
really awesome . how are you salman khan . congratulations on ramzan .	positive
gandhiji's respect is not respected by the united congress .	positive
everyone is going to pay attention to their own body . time wastag money wasteg	negative
all these are excuses not to do homework .	negative
losðycitos debut 2 songs from the forthcoming cd tomorrow on wwoz 90 . 7 fm new orleans at noon cst .	neutral
meanwhile ajay matan & amp ; satish upadhyay spotted returning 50-50 seats they bought from chawla tent house . # aapstorm # aapsweep # abhiki delhi	neutral
Yes , yes , dear .	neutral
why didn't you come on eid , you said you did not come , you came to hell	neutral
I am an old fan of yours . Your movie sare record toad degi .	positive
you sing . . . . we are waiting for someone to come and love us . . . . . we shouldn't have thought when you will sacrifice kya sacrifice for your friend . . . tab u will more imp for him den datgal . . .	positive
Yes , I told you that it's max 4 30 . I thought it was 4 30 , so I went to sleep in the morning .	negative
the video of Porto " lalutonity city " won the 1st prize in category cultural tourism in art & amp ; tur international tourism film festival . . .	neutral
this 8th miha .. that was not that time when i was getting dp high .... thank you admin	neutral
1st time i've seen eleanor respond to hate oh . o she seems to sweet to say 1 mean thing ! http URL	neutral
rt @ ANJUsrivastava : feed me onion greens today . # indvsuae	neutral
Priyanjan greatness and what do I want from my love seller	positive
Now the issue of black money has been raised	neutral
brother	neutral
virat and amp ; raina are on fire . # goindiago # indvspak	positive
salman khan brother i will watch your movie ? inshaallah not once .. you will go to bajrangi bhaijaan as many times as you can ? i will also give this advice to others ..	positive
arpit puranik are you marketing your products like this now ?	neutral
on eid oh ho filim see brother life	neutral
I also used to play Interval bells with a lot of relaxation : 3	neutral
kejeriwal you are shouting you have broken everyone's trust	negative
the ambition of nadal , the knees of ena sharples and the liver of george best . my recipe for saturday tennis . #5-7 2-4	neutral
no brother ..	negative
@Electronics I am not sure , they would've , as ls election was different from state election . delhi janta is sensible . # aapsweep # abhiki delhi	neutral
3rd day in a row catching my mom watching sophia grace and rosie # obsessed # shelikesrosie # seriousfan	neutral
shivraj ji . . . . . if you give less then how many days will you give us hope . . . give me this also of your manifesto . . .	negative
watched # shamitabh . what performances by @ srbachchan and # dhaanush . # gowatch	positive
brother you are a hit	positive
hey yeah # rail budget2015 how much time will start hooga ?	neutral
salman brother i also want to come	neutral
till when will we do good	neutral
300 is superb within conditions .. game on guys # indvspak	positive
ð	neutral
Bhot right brother ... brother ... :)	positive
dream of wrd cp , india .	positive
Didn't you forgive me a bit ?	positive
Oh sister , I love you .	neutral
champion trophy ma'am india pakistan after any match a pakistani said no matter our team wins or loses , we still love green coz blue to harpic . answer ma'am indian nai said to eat green toilet virus or insects like you to become harpic hei . . :-)	neutral
northern lights sale on thursday ; great pedigrees all the way through the catalogue ! genomics the full packages ! view catalogue online !	positive
just thinking about couple days i had in august ; stone roses one night then kasabian , noel g and the cribs the next . doesn't get much better	positive
ð	neutral
One minute more , faisel brother .	positive
have you died because of cwc ke gags ?	negative
come man *	neutral
absolutely	positive
The Logical Indian , you write anything . I even thought before writing cro .	negative
@ srbachchan gurudev's korchen dnt veer shamitabh is superhit & amp ; creat a land mark of indian hindi cinema .. gudnit boss .. please talk sir ..	positive
shut up , what do you make us less powerful	neutral
dude , no . this is syriaus . " this time it's wagonr " # delhidecides # aapsweep	positive
no problem . . . . . , this time and the one who voted for congress , no one will be that big idiot . .	negative
mother is mother . . . most dear to everyone	positive
a reminder to all hong kong optimist sailors : you must pre-book your prizegiving curry buffet for sunday . deadline . http URL	positive
india vs england match show in national ?	neutral
the bag from school is awesome , mother ! the smell of life is really nice . # aapsweep # delhidecides # aapstorm http : t .co n5m6syevh5	negative
Uau .. Nice modification admin .. . Game of thrones is really awesome btw  ..	neutral
pakistanis are the only one	neutral
super mario and road fighter	neutral
abye confessor be healthy . . . be happy . . . . . bhada ma jaye duangiya . . and if you find women then dogs beat you	positive
@ gurmeetramrahim ji if v want 2 bcome happy v should all follow guruji .. # msgyouthicon	positive
# aapsweep ::: deeply thinking about horse trading in bihar ... http : t .co l5wjuturs6	neutral
we had a lot of acting in school . great time .	positive
like kan si gan ?	neutral
i won't do it with them i won't do it with them	neutral
come father	negative
sem 2u bhai	neutral
sallu miya wonder flower	positive
after that my life will become true ..	neutral
stay here , do some work .	neutral
south africa's harne's sorrow belongs to pakistanis more than south africans # indvssa # mokkamauka	negative
I thought I should have attended in the wedding .	neutral
I won't do it brother .	neutral
oh oh	neutral
first the superbowl now revel will finally be released on dvd on nov 24th ! my day is complete ! ! ! ! oh oh my love my brother	positive
Dhan Dhan Satguru Your Hii Aadhar # msg3successfulweeks a miraculous way to convence youths for humanitarian works like blood donation etc	positive
because of cold , life has become very loose .	negative
# beefban what a secular hypocrisy india had , it's now trend to make fun of sentiments of hinduism .	negative
Thk ha	positive
morning	neutral
atleast whoever feels cold , use de de di :)	neutral
Don't talk to me , tell me .	neutral
64 in 1 was the best : d : p	positive
@ someUSER good luck tomorrow ! i did it once . big david james and harry redknapp started the race . they wore bomber jackets .	positive
do you have uberg ?	neutral
When will the car come ?	negative
@ Somusar oh yes , never a dull moment ! ! looking forward to just rafa and bronte tomorrow ! nice to be busy though ! hope boys oh !	positive
our teacher used to send a copy to home to one of the class fellow and said i know you will come and say that mother is not at home and the house is locked	neutral
happpp . . . . when you forget the first chapter , how much money do you take to forget the first love	neutral
rt @ additive _ monaya : uae's oil has gone out . # cwc15 # indvsuae	negative
meli small express-rahul small bhabhi gandhi . # celebtrains # rail budget2015	negative
dharmavijaysinh rathod the reason not to watch indo pak clash with family : p	negative
OK bye bye seems like it's just fun .	neutral
on paise we used to get lalun toffee :)	neutral
you are very beautiful	positive
one thing is not true about you ... # Salman _ brother ... i don't want that thing to happen to you till i get cleared from you . i don't want you to talk to me .	negative
i didn't give the foreplay , i'll eat maggi	negative
you guys have come from Chennai ..	neutral
whatever people are dying , sir , die with the help of god .	negative
# rahulonleave " you are everything my mother " : no more insult can be done to me my mother :( that's why i went on holiday my mother ;(	positive
You have heard ..	negative
garbage bin this you made me cry . . . . this was my actual childhood dream , aur final exam of tekken 3 or king of fighters ! !	positive
brother said i am sad	neutral
oh brother brother	neutral
friends , you people with your patience decide on this bat , when Modi's storm was going on , to win the elections of maharshtra bjp imported leaders from doosri party to apni party . . . . haha , how are other states ?	neutral
@ srbachchan hello brother . iwan # shamitabh musk cd from @ shamitabhmovie in contest ..	neutral
It's a India I am proud that I am Indian	positive
woolly mother , you are amazing	negative
chalo fri bar lv separated from sex and deception , edmin appreciated #	negative
brother , i can only watch serials .	neutral
btt brO before 1 rupp33 m3 was 4 toff3 acti . but admin is not atti h - p	neutral
its not only single person . state government is main part of this riot .	negative
brother where are you comparing a lion like modi to a lamb	negative
greeting kobe is to mainstream ! so i'll just greet jeremy lin , happy 24th birthday jlin @ someUSERŸ)	positive
rt @Shashra : bjp : arvind has betrayed me from now on , has given me jhodu's jaan vacuum cleaner :) # aapsweep # delhidecides # kischidelli	positive
brother call me when you get time lol	neutral
@ gurmeetramrahim is full about my life .. # msg100croreclub # blockbustermsg	positive
salman khan i am exited for your new film # bajrangi # bhaijan	positive
i bought a suit worth 10 lakh for one sinner	neutral
niggas is goin die on december 26th when them foams come out . . lol rs . . niggas goin rob you and be like " da shoes or ya life nigga " lol	negative
dude , in mrng , the post of cnfession was necessary . oh _ o	neutral
best sister . . . sir she took my copy and brought it . he is not absent	positive
good to see flacco showing some fight in the 2nd half . that's about all i can ask for at this point .	positive
)	neutral
broom's sweep builds delhi's hope ! # aapsweep	positive
india's run rate to win : 103 from 50 overs at 2.06 runs over . shame # indvsuae # cwc15 # cricket	neutral
thinking thursday : your affectionate worship will lead you into effective warfare ! ~ narda goodson , 2012 narda's nuggets	positive
Sir , please do something for these Pakistanis . Some Pakistanis daily abuse the people of India with your name .	neutral
please vote for ak .	positive
brother life eid mubarak supose 6caror in bajrangi bhaijan	positive
@ someUSER mostly just a misunderstanding over who called whom . bigger issue is pepper-spraying people who want to march on republic day	negative
my brother used to do these thngs for me , , he he he !	neutral
He said yes	positive
# aapsweep @ sachin _ rt review by - thebeckery always good !	positive
talkathon with shri suresh prabhakar prabhakar # railway budget 2015-16 : http : / / t .co oeu7tbryeo # rail budget2015	neutral
And Tata sells salt and tea . infosys is a cyber cafe .	negative
salman khan rock	positive
Now , where are you ?	neutral
Bro , will you come after the prayer of Prabhava ? :(	neutral
Swabhik you have to come on time also but you don't even go to the tab for 7 days	neutral
watch live queen of the south vs edinburgh cit http URL	neutral
oh my god , brother , you speak like sixty-five people .	neutral
#165 I convinced a friend that crime patrol has been renamed as crime diesel because of rising petrol prices .	neutral
so true but still govt is felt wid no options ! . a very old line but yet so meaningful . if we want a chnge in our society den we must chnge our mentality first :-)	neutral
from home such bad lallu type cap peeina sister was forcefully released . .	negative
brother where are you	neutral
Will you have food ?	neutral
Post invigilation	negative
hey , if you win 1% , then you have to spend 5 years in work . . . remember connection should be break , speed achhi honi . . . i will keep it now . . . ok by	neutral
sir everyone is crazy come fast	neutral
the ट्रिक with " final me number will be added " was very correct . . ! all the stuff of our master to school washed away on this excuse . . drains . . waste .	positive
oh my god , in delhi , n . d .'s kumjuiya came and kundraŸ guides . i thought only my parents mera project banate . . . . :)	positive
Dude .. just move on :-) she never deserved you ..!!! chill .. next time please be with someone who likes real YOU :-) D	neutral
disappointed the knicks vs nets game got canceled tonight , but i'm even more hyped for knicks vs heat on friday !	neutral
Modi , you have raised our country's flag in all the hearts . We are all proud of you . You have raised our respect in the world . We Indians have fallen in our hearts . salute sir . hail you .	positive
it's a theme brother , that's enough .	negative
Modi , go ahead . I am with you . Jai India .	positive
Go with a गिफ्ट ... Rakesh Bandi will stop , that should be something , right ?	negative
@ Somusar look at the countries we're playing , we were 6th seeds . also we're missing ched evans , bellamy , ramsey , collins etc etc !	negative
hi jigi	negative
Great , great .	positive
ðŸTMŒðŸTMŒðŸ €	neutral
